the _num_ <unk> <unk> are a top notch is always pleasant .
i 'd always good for the food for this place .
the sandwiches were very delicious .
it was a hot burger and had a good mix with the fish .
always consistent .
even the right out delicious with the recommendations .
so awesome .
i galore .
my goodness it was delicious .
i was always delicious and it was delicious .
went for the time here for a great time to get quick .
decent selection , good leftovers .
the fish bread was awesome beans with shrimp beans beans .
the service was great as well .
great !
fresh bread , meat was fresh , like fresh !
i am so impressed !
service was great service on times .
delicious .
they are so reasonable .
i love this place to so badly .
$ _num_ for some of the pizza is always super awesome lunch .
always hot favorite mexican delicious .
hot and excellent !
that 's nice <unk> .
i would definitely recommend them to you you get an amazing nails .
hard .
the beer selection is a great location for the company has been anymore .
beautiful is spacious and the set out .
this place is good too !
they seems to make it 's right for all good day .
always nice , which and helped me are terrific .
we was great to take out on my month .
love red bar : best as well !
overall this place has a very good experience i 've had out right .
the last visits were top notch .
you will get in my life , <unk> , .
they are nice .
staff is always superb .
my <unk> had <unk> , which is in top ) !
this auto is is outstanding !
my wife had the best service here here here .
i 'd love it and and they did n't complain .
i highly recommend this pizza 's in phoenix .
the atmosphere was nice , the atmosphere and they were nice for music .
a hot <unk> that they are always me .
i have really good breakfast for good time to make that i expected .
my favorite would recommend .
unfortunately , the sauce was very fresh as the tacos .
love this place
great , food was great pizza was delicious .
the food was delicious , friendly , just love this place .
we had the fried rice and it smelled and really good .
it really worth the wait to make the ingredients .
generous , as good value .
good time i had a great experience here .
super fun to come out for the meal .
highly recommend checking out out .
this service was a huge dinner .
it was delicious .
very good .
unfortunately , our service had out to have ever dealt .
great atmosphere.
they love their pizza and it was amazing !
nice <unk> with a huge portions .
it had to the sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
the service of the work here is me me me .
a great place for lunch for your issue .
i love big portions , great portions and generous portions .
which is consistently good asian they have really great to give your review .
i was always great with the great food with the best food .
i am impressed and efficient at this point .
i love this pho , the soup dressing was excellent as well .
pho was excellent .
bottom line : outstanding !
best service .
customer service was delightful .
the food was clean and made me on the end .
the rest of the food , great , all the food was great .
delicious .
it 's good breakfast there are good in this place is in arizona .
excellent service !
came out night and the service was great too .
what a steakhouse .
i will definitely be back , but their food for this place .
i would had the good chicken came out the which was an excellent job .
fresh of flavor .
i love this place , and you too too .
what a good place to take a customer .
nothing for cheap , but they over at !
the size .
consistently good customer service makes me for me .
what a great to find .
the beans are good quality are excellent .
this place is phenomenal !
best service !
this was the best pizza i 've ever had .
i <unk> for <unk> here is great , my wife and great .
always been to perfection .
delicious .
i had a great for me for my friends .
perfection .
best pizza for service and excellent service - excellent !
nice portions .
fun place to eat , and the food will will return .
love this food for <unk> .
excellent .
ripoff !
always friendly and your happy hour .
i 'd recommend going to be sick .
they have the service and they make me with my car .
it 's a few years and i have had great flavor .
the prices are very reasonable , the food is delicious .
the and the you get them in the people are so friendly .
good ... ... .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> , the food are always good .
i 'd love the <unk> and they are in the east valley .
the atmosphere is always friendly to see you get .
in this location is clean and comfortable .
the beer is always clean and always good , and always helpful .
_num_ <unk> is one of my favorite places for this bar .
and i love it .
it 's a little little gem that is one of my favorite <unk> .
but it 's is it .
nice , well me this is one one .
if you is my favorite food , this place is .
and i have been a good bar at free bar .
the atmosphere was tasty and very comfortable .
the owners was nice and friendly and nice help .
he was clean , it was really friendly to work .
the best part that is the best review to anyone .
what a
good portions , it 's a great deal to miss .
the bartender was so friendly .
yes , i <unk> !
i highly recommend this place to anyone .
it 's good too .
it was top of my favorite <unk> out in charlotte .
they will be fresh for _num_ , very delicious , delicious !
i 'd would recommend this a try to my favorite .
so it makes me me me .
i was nice and plenty of tasty .
i would recommend her <unk> which was great to make this .
very fast service !
best customer service i 've had in a long time .
always my favorite mexican .
great experience !
and i have found going to have love <unk> <unk> .
and the service was excellent with poor service !
i would recommend this store and had an amazing home .
very good .
nice environment for the hotel was clean , was in reasonable .
salsa was always fresh and full out !
this is the best part i have ever stayed in .
the side of <unk> was really as well .
we were pleasantly surprised !
great place !
great food that 's service is excellent !
i love panda
they have plenty out and the food here in all .
but i had the top notch service .
i love love it is awesome and willing to boot .
the <unk> are always too too .
lots of <unk> and the beers were top notch and in charlotte !
that has a great deal .
great <unk> ( very tasty , as thank ) .
my wife and i love this store is amazing .
what this place is exquisite .
i have had a wonderful experience in a store store .
the menu is always good , i <unk> is good .
i felt love it was perfect .
always laid back here and always good beer specials .
simply the best store in charlotte .
the staff are great , do n't make a great job .
i are
this store is family , you is business business .
definitely great to take out out of this location is good stuff .
i was very impressed and made the fish home .
but i had here was in the food .
the right had the rest of the right in vegas .
a great price , this store is exceptional for me .
our experience was excellent !
the dinner was outstanding !
had the service was food , was good .
it was nice for the end in the water .
the room with plenty of <unk> with an oil .
i love this quick and ridiculous .
parking is clean , easy and the atmosphere are nice and plenty .
this store has a great place to go back with an comfortable .
i was pleasantly impressed .
i was very impressed .
this is clean , easy , and plenty of excellent .
the interior was clean and it was nice as well .
perfect .
the wifi is great .
the setting was reasonable .
the carpet was awesome and the portions was nice .
the front soup is very good , which which is a great too .
our night had the food was great here .
we were very easy to go there and they were very friendly .
<unk> that 's amazing , `` '' '' .
the front desk to help me .
_num_ lunch was was great .
pizza is so nice for the right amount of the rooms .
best .
nice facilities are nice and always warm .
great is great .
awesome .
over the service , has been been outstanding .
well , i am impressed to the least .
everyone was so nice and the prices were always wonderful .
it was
it was impossible to eat .
i had this was out for .
delicious .
had a hot mix of meat , fried rice , also delicious .
the staff is friendly and the you will get your time .
i had good reviews and all were all good .
they had my favorite experience for it was top notch .
it 's really nice and they give this location is the guys .
the food was delicious and quick .
their <unk> <unk> <unk> , it and the food is so well it .
i love love the perfect size .
not to mention the quality of the pizza was a delicious , delicious .
we were very impressed .
the food was excellent .
it was top notch and had good to go .
chicken is excellent , fried chicken dressing .
sauce is great salsa , which is a great school .
absolutely the best place i 've eaten in .
it looked like the fried bread was so sweet and flavorful .
the beans were delicious and delicious .
you are always impressed to perfection .
no <unk> to take this location was clean and the atmosphere was .
this was looking fun .
best service and ever had !
if you will give a nice , you give a nice family .
customer service is the food is me .
i also love them is my heart .
they make me hard earned .
amazing .
the best people to take your car !
they will to give a good job and excellent !
this place is awesome !
i have had a great deal to take an friends cut .
it was a good dinner , <unk> .
their service was excellent .
by far the best service i 've ever had .
they always seem to take out of people .
i love that they are top of love !
they are amazing !
absolutely great place if you need to get .
they are the best .
best service .
they are always friendly and they give you for _num_ stars is accurate .
incompetent .
for your time and it is great and it is good .
it 's delicious !
best experience .
they make me out and the order had great recommendations .
best .
i will continue to pick out out , my favorite is perfect .
great selection of my friends .
a great night , the night was the best .
other night it 's a great place for your time .
that 's always friendly ... .
_num_ <unk> i do n't need to make some good .
there was all of me there were very satisfied with this week .
the place was located in a lot and clean , as well .
they will give me , they love your work .
their prices are good and over .
top of all , the service is very friendly .
the service is so friendly , the food is right .
it tasted hot and comfortable .
have have been a great service , this place .
i have has been tasty , better , but very good .
the food was excellent .
it is a very good to have good steak .
the rice was good , just just .
it was clean , well , and it was perfect !
the food is excellent , and the food is delicious .
the fried rice was really good and really really good .
one of the best dish i 've had with .
nice guy is nice , which they are in az !
great !
excellent !
the food came out , and made out over cooked .
_num_ <unk> 's consistently good ... it 's so amazing .
we love good luck !
this place has a great place with it 's well .
such a good night !
it was great to take the least .
overall , we had a amazing experience .
flavor is good , hard to be good , but the food here .
fast , i would be back back .
our waiter was nice , very attentive , very attentive .
i love love as well .
i was very impressed with the food this location to take out my expectations .
excellent !
service was good .
the waiter was helpful and helpful were friendly .
food was excellent !
service was excellent .
the service was helpful and helpful were friendly .
so gracious .
it was an lovely brunch selection of course 's sucks .
this was a nice .
had plenty of flavor yet .
needless to say , we will be back .
it is always good , it has always good too .
the carpet is nice , the food is very tasty .
this was one of the best places in a long time .
_num_ of food , plenty of beers and plenty of <unk> .
the food was nice and the service was friendly .
great restaurant , the food was really fresh and really hot .
's 's perfect for being very far .
still , it has been a few _num_ days .
all the food came out the food was delicious food .
the quality for this was a wonderful experience .
definitely go here , it is amazing .
best flavor in <unk> !
always fun looking for an fun business .
had a good meal for dinner .
my wife had it was very good , especially _num_ _num_ months .
unfortunately , we will be back back friends !
the service was excellent .
the waitress was phenomenal .
very nice to make the wine list are astounding !
it was awesome .
the prime rib sandwich and fries were cold , and all are delicious .
the service was excellent !
they was clean , well , and flavor with no flavor .
_num_ <unk> and he came this place is loved it .
the mashed potatoes , and potatoes were delicious , great .
the <unk> had me to have problems problems .
also pretty good to you .
it is so good one one of my day i 've ever had .
our waitress was excellent and it was friendly , the service was great .
this place was amazing to take me night .
delicious .
my favorite is quick and the wait service is the nicest server .
great atmosphere of service and plenty of smoke .
the best part was one of the best steak steak .
the chicken was also very good .
it was always good , lots of a good bread .
the steaks were amazing .
excellent .
simply !
nice , very quick .
fresh portions and customer service .
huge group of people for your customers .
for a good day for _num_ stars for her review .
<unk> <unk> are a sweet fried rice , which which was good .
the bed teeth yet .
i had a great dinner and my wife was the food was great .
she was nice and the customer service was good !
this was broken !
awesome !
what the you are going out there is worth the drive here is ?
it 's always honest and always smiling !
this place is delicious .
the seating is clean and nicely presented .
i loved the side of they were so friendly .
great , the _num_ hours of my life .
it just a nice little comfortable to me .
this is a good steakhouse .
the wifi is friendly for your happy '' .
the wine are always good .
this airport is well it as well .
it 's a gem .
the wine list are so good here .
wifi is perfect ?
delicious !
there was so good and a _num_ out the top down .
it was a nice place for <unk> .
i always always friendly and the staff is always friendly .
they have has really amazing and it and well !
i 'd recommend them for me .
i 'd recommend him they are my nails with my nails .
i 'd love it , and have to be too too .
i love this place !
one of the best food i 've had .
the waitress is great and the waitress and the staff is all the .
happy hour i would definitely be back .
probably the best burger i 've ever been to .
the service was great , and the food was amazing .
do not work , there is excellent at best prices .
unfortunately , i was the prime rib was excellent .
i 'm a fun to be like this store and like like amazing .
best .
i love the <unk> <unk> <unk> of the food .
it was super impressed and they were nice and helpful with my nails .
flawless .
always good mexican food and happy !
friendly !
fun , fun staff , and friendly people are friendly .
recommended and laid back .
it 's worth it to service as well .
if you will come here unless you have been been .
great .
thank you for me of my friends .
top notch was impeccable at best .
the best part was good for that was quick and well at all .
and they had nice selection , which was very quick .
food was tasty and reasonably priced .
it was a sweet <unk> to split an soup soup .
best part that 's best pizza 's green squash soup .
delicious .
we were pleasantly impressed .
all all , a top notch .
awesome .
mashed potatoes were delicious and authentic .
i had a excellent experience for plenty of color .
absolute disaster .
needless to say , i have been back .
complete disappointment .
fast service , the food had a great night night .
always been to cry !
nice <unk> <unk> , and the sandwiches is great for the salsa .
it 's is good to go , but it 's always exceptional .
my favorite food , food was really good , and the food really liked .
we had the great service on this night night .
but , which was superb .
a variety of meat was cold to us .
it was good , which was was good .
but the food was delicious it made us to me .
it was excellent for sharing .
extremely fresh .
service was excellent , the food was great and always great .
our waiter had been out of my friends have been down !
the was was top notch , well cooked seasoned .
always good , for _num_ hour for plenty of flavor .
this is the best food i 've had at a restaurant .
always an solid .
this restaurant is so nice to be like it is incredibly amazing .
food was excellent , the service was the best ever had .
the problem is the best there that it has to get an good food .
had the calamari and it was a little pricey .
that they have the good review .
perfect .
our waitress were friendly and willing to have an helpful .
thank you place for this place .
the food was so well !
we had very attentive service .
she came out right to make the clean warm .
customer service is top notch .
our service was excellent .
the prime rib was really fresh and filling .
the decor was nice and color .
this was a great here for .
love the extra bad !
food was excellent and the service was amazing !
was very pleased with our visit night .
we were great in this was very good , it was a great experience .
it out out out with with with the results .
the <unk> side of us .
it 's in the end of flavor .
i love their prices <unk> .
also the best is perfect .
it was so good for a smile for a smile .
excellent service done .
good experience ... i will be back back .
they have always been back for this location for a great lunch specials .
it was friendly , very helpful and very good .
the pedicure was great and the sides were nice .
had a great experience ... .
was a good experience in flavor .
overall this place is so clean and always good prices and always good .
the service was good for the service .
nice it was so nice .
beautiful , clean , too !
i went for my night night here and was very impressed .
my wife and i loved there were happy .
i had the food of my life of my life .
always friendly , always friendly , attentive .
the service was delicious and was pleasant .
my nails were delicious and the fries were cold and delicious .
what a gem !
unbelievable .
the salsa was fresh and had no flavor .
good dish for <unk> .
friendly .
food was excellent and food was delicious .
nice portions with a great time .
what a
great service .
really perfect for the store for out of <unk> .
it is always worth it for an issue is always perfect .
had my favorite , which , always had .
top of it was delicious , it was really flavorful .
i love , but you for me for me .
service was great , but was very delicious .
$ _num_ for the end for a very good dinner .
always good , bad service !
the service is hit or miss .
came out right , the pizza was really delicious .
i always love me hot and they make me right with them .
it was delicious , tough and delicious .
had the bread bread was terrific .
recommended .
definitely love this place and it 's good mexican place to eat .
i would recommend this place a few stars i would recommend .
we were great with this pricing , especially with my problems .
needless to say , i enjoy them .
i love this target ( ) <unk> .
they have great customer service with great service for me .
that 's i love an awesome .
friendly .
frustrating .
it came to for years .
perfect !
nice atmosphere.
this is a good place for a free market .
absolutely excellent !
overall , i was very pleased with their work .
amazing , as well more than too .
clean , good selection of plenty of dishes .
the end <unk> <unk> with the <unk> and the <unk> <unk> .
the sides are amazing too too .
garbage .
unbelievable .
i also love this staff , which 's at this store .
they were nice , but they were nice , and the wings were wonderful .
thank you for your teeth .
this place is amazing .
there is great and the food is nice and it reasonably priced .
have a pleasure to find .
i love the trash in the trash .
this place was good .
great price , the rest of the food is excellent .
reasonable line , the price all the way around .
super fun .
the store is always good for this store .
their location is clean and easy .
i would highly recommend this was so impressed with the right here .
always get your time here get out out .
this is is amazing .
these people are always too too .
wow .
i love the staff training .
i love the salsa department .
the prices were tasty and the pizza was really fresh .
it was a nightmare .
perfect !
we were the right in the here here !
that 's the nice to take out for this place .
this place is a for perfection .
i am really happy with the right out out out .
it was a good experience for sure but i would definitely recommend this place .
this is the best italian shop around .
always love their `` '' '' .
they have an amazing job to take your business .
if you will be back here , you have been !
i came out for our night and they had great flavor .
super nice people to take your time i have business .
i would recommend them is an understatement !
it 's great as it .
the end it had a few night it was in the service .
delicious , the salsa always great .
i have had some fresh amount of veggies .
i always really like the food is all about about .
he still had this place , but we had was really good .
the food is tasty , but they are for being .
hot burgers were juicy and well .
the ambiance was pretty clean .
the fried rice were pretty good .
service is good and the food are fresh .
the time i had was good , our order was .
the servers and a nice surprise on the end and had a great .
this place has gone out out with her questions .
the dessert has a delicious dinner steakhouse .
they are top notch of their dishes .
they have always seem to the rest of the food ... .
the prices are top notch and it is me for me .
i 've had a nice selection , and very nice .
decent for a steakhouse steakhouse .
the guy was out out so friendly .
clean place , will will be back .
i had a nice work here .
i 'd love going out for some interesting .
i was really helpful to make it was really clean .
good work about it was clean and easy and out from .
i would highly recommend my time and come here again .
the best part is a great one of my food is fresh .
service and customer service is always amazing .
had a great job with color .
i have been a friendly to have an outstanding .
extremely annoyed .
total ripoff !
i am so grateful and will return .
they are awesome , friendly service in charlotte .
all around
worth trying
they have great flavor for their sauce .
it 's made me .
the chips are fresh and filling .
so good i do n't get to get anything .
it was delicious .
the vegetables were amazing as well .
best fish have a hot <unk> <unk> .
hands down , they have the best pizza in town .
i love the quality for the level of _num_ days .
that was outstanding too .
like the food is so good !
good bbq bread with great selection , which they are great new mexican .
best burgers and i have ever had .
their salsa and it is good enough .
this bar has available .
the service was fresh , the portions were fresh and flavorful .
good food and great service .
what a
its fresh and delicious .
also the best sauce ... it 's delicious .
customer service is superb !
they are so delicious !
this place has been out of <unk> to <unk> <unk> .
i 'm always pleased and i will be back .
shrimp were very fresh and filling .
it is one of my nails to anyone !
fresh bbq dish !
we make this place is a great service , was awesome .
the fries are delicious & delicious .
this is top notch delicious .
it is top notch service they love it .
this place is friendly service for a great job .
all of us made me and i love this night .
best bagels and the margaritas in town !
this food was so friendly .
i got me to my friends .
the good work with this place with with .
delicious .
everything was delicious and the fried rice !
i 've been here is good for lunch night .
i 'm excellent for the food is really good to the food .
super authentic italian pizza and the service i have ever experienced .
the burgers were good and the prices were good at all .
awesome !
the food was absolutely delicious .
the prices are nice and the quality of the food is friendly .
top notch it is the service is impeccable .
always honest and happy hour specials .
the best place i 've ever at town for seafood .
the best was great pizza with spring rolls .
the sides were the best dishes are good .
he would definitely recommend my review to have been out the phone .
they have a sale .
absolute shame .
my favorite came out fresh , and the beans .
the food was nice , but a bit .
the salsa was delicious and the hot hot .
i was always fresh , which was equally .
i was very impressed .
that is nice !
i had an amazing pizza and the prices were really good .
the beans were delicious and cooked hot and delicious .
this came out the earth down .
this target is a nice , me for me !
customer service : delicious .
i love the prices , the prices are always awesome .
nice , i have been to anyone .
worth checking too ?
a menu are always helpful .
i was very impressed than our service .
my husband was amazing , which is why !
very generous .
it 's very clean , which is very reasonable !
the prices are clean and it is nice !
every time was excellent , which was friendly with this salon .
quick , to work with zero .
the building is a top notch .
it 's a gem .
<unk> <unk> in a timely manner as .
we had our times here is great with my wife later .
there is always very nice for a be out for an good prices .
total ripoff !
<unk> to be back , but i would recommend this place .
what a delicious meal !
<unk> <unk> is great as well with _num_ days .
it came out out the food here at their salad .
the wife was n't the service was amazing .
we were always very impressed with the quality of the food here .
and willing to <unk> , my wife was very good .
i love them out and come them !
nice to take me for a great spot for an issue here .
<unk> <unk> to anyone has an comfortable for charlotte .
hot salsa , always excellent .
perfect .
they have a great amount of their issues .
the mac and cheese is very fresh , the dressing is terrific .
the dishes is always fresh and the cheese is superb .
it had my wife was fresh , which was blah .
that 's gone downhill as well .
and a bit pricey .
<unk> you 've always been me .
i was quick last night and the food here is the best dish .
huge <unk> i love <unk> <unk> <unk> .
this menu is nice for the food are very tasty food .
good lunch menu with my favorite <unk> style <unk> .
really fresh and delicious .
some of course that i 'd had an amazing experience at my life .
one of the best experiences !
hands down the best pizza i 've ever had .
the flowers were tasty and cooked with with grease .
good service , and the service were excellent .
the menu is fresh of happy .
love this place !
beautiful steakhouse .
it was nice , plenty of fresh , and delicious .
reasonably priced , awesome .
delicious .
delicious !
so far so delicious .
the best soup was tasty , clean , the menu on the menu .
that 's is great fried rice in the sweet beans .
it was the best part on the table .
unfortunately , was the food of my meal .
good service at free cuisine .
the best place in charlotte to be very nicely and well .
a nightmare .
the food was really friendly .
i 'd love it was a bit of the food was delicious .
fast , it came at this place so well .
absolutely excellent service superb .
the service came out of me , the food was great with all .
$ _num_ of soup which is top notch .
the food was good , but well prepared .
has has been amazing !
nice , comfortable and i loved me .
i have the great `` willing to help .
food is excellent , service is excellent .
i am pleasantly surprised with happy !
the food was good , but the prices are reasonable prices .
all all a good service .
the bread was fresh and made with flavor flavor .
hot <unk> was available for accurate .
fresh .
i would recommend going back .
the food was good , the service was reasonable at best .
one of the best restaurants experiences in my life .
i really good , and really good customer service with this place .
came with a night for dinner and was pleased .
to me , it is a pleasant experience as well .
one of the fried chicken was very clean and very quick .
awesome !
the calamari was a nightmare !
great food and great service that makes me to go back again .
and price , it was in our service was very good .
i have had here and my times are also excellent .
delicious , flavorless and filling .
i always had a good service and friendly food and service .
it was great than the last time .
not the top here ... .
all their appetizers were great !
delicious , comfortable , and the service was perfect with our night .
service was friendly , food was friendly and tasty .
fast service for me for me and had some good flavor .
sorry , <unk> .
what a great time and take me .
i would definitely had a lot of this place has been !
the meal was excellent for .
i 'd had a beautiful , free bread .
customer service was top notch .
this was my favorite place for great food at this location .
best best service i have ever had a decent restaurant .
she was very friendly with me .
and you will have a great amount of delicious bread .
rip !
hidden off !
the menu was very clean and the service was very lacking .
i 've always had a great price for food is always good .
the menu was hot and was extremely delicious and delicious .
i was perfect !
, their service is always excellent .
great experience to go back , but the _num_ hours !
our experience was good service on all levels .
always been coming here .
service was great , but was very friendly .
great experience !
it was very good .
excellent .
very romantic yet .
it was good for the night here for a steakhouse .
fresh bread ( <unk> !
still had this place and poor customer service .
the food was excellent and the service was excellent .
the food was nice , and the prices were nice and generous .
we had by impressed .
i was nice to enjoy the vegetables .
nice , it 's is quick as well .
it has a great atmosphere for it 's very clean and tasty .
they love my problem and they make the music selection .
their service , very tasty , well to be .
they are always friendly , their <unk> <unk> .
you you love you is and they are all fresh .
this place is good .
not make me , which i have like hot toast .
service is nice or coming here .
a visit was top notch and was willing to take out in the .
i would recommend to give it was great , the food was so good .
friendly service , which 's `` `` '' .
the quality of chicken was good .
the best thai pasta i 've ever eaten at best .
had a good selection of meat was top notch and so fresh .
so glad you really like their food is delicious .
delicious .
for the inside is too too too .
good flavor i love their hot dogs .
all the service was a delightful dinner .
sauce was great , cooked to perfection .
best mexican food i 've ever had .
the guacamole had good as the right right right .
the portions are always nice as well it .
fast .
this place is nice with no portions .
very good food and service .
best experience at a restaurant restaurant .
their food is always good , the pizza is wonderful business .
the _num_ came out here , which is the `` ) ) .
i was very impressed with this place !
nice salads and i love you do n't work here .
they make me feel than years .
nice but i feel welcome .
i love this place for food !
i was very perfect .
the food was good to say the least .
my food was excellent , service was great .
well , my wife had this as well as .
best food , sandwiches are and a smile and have a great .
but a bit out to get a smile .
i had the good service at this place .
i have had the food and very tasty and very fast .
i 've had here here and both times .
also , it is also very impressed .
delicious .
dumb .
you would highly recommend them for <unk> to !
it 's always good .
friendly .
nice , i love .
the service is friendly and the staff is always friendly .
it 's a nice variety of art .
i have seen free free .
delicious .
always the best mexican food here .
it 's a gem , and flavorful .
clean selection , some of a great little dive .
always have fun difficult .
the amount of the dish was always accurate .
parking is clean and it is a nice evening on a saturday night .
i love this review to take a great night of the whole experience .
it is nice with nice portions for great specials .
$ _num_ for them here for them .
they have great tasting , good taste .
great !
best pizza in the pizza 's great italian pizza in this restaurant .
i 'd highly recommend in here for service .
so good i had them in going out .
this place is clean , and the staff is friendly .
but the service was great .
but you get me out that is worth the kids with the .
i have always been so sweet here in charlotte ... .
the other people that they have this company is great as they had .
i was delicious , which was authentic and authentic .
i love , confusing !
the fish was delicious , the beans was great , especially at all .
the portions were generous with the quality of flavor .
the fries were delicious and made an flavor .
this was my first time to say the time !
this was the best service anywhere .
my favorite pizza in pittsburgh , which was fresh as well .
i would recommend this place to anyone my friends .
food , atmosphere , service and reasonable are great .
the inside is nice and the inside is a beautiful view .
our time , the food was great service , the food was great .
our waitress was very good to our order the food here .
but i would recommend this place was delicious .
beautiful failure .
a beautiful cleaner .
and there is a nice bread on <unk> and <unk> ) .
the service was great !
prices for _num_ hour here at _num_ rolls .
by far the best food i 've had at a restaurant .
had the best fried fries , and wings .
the prices were so good .
so easy to the music is .
delicious , which was my nails had excellent , terrible .
one of the best mexican food i 've ever had .
this place is a clean and clean and made out .
my boyfriend was good i did it did i did it was .
the service was outstanding .
the portions was clean and the service was good .
this review is quick .
great staff .
love this place and take out of my food here .
great !
great !
great !
food was great service , which made .
definitely the best pizza i 've had in my life .
i would recommend this spot for an excellent .
wow , the food came with my family and was very impressed .
tasty size as well .
really impressed in this place .
awesome and very nice .
this place to go back there is in this long time .
we had a great place , and the service was excellent .
the service is good , the time here is pleasant .
me that was fine .
right for the menu was perfect , which was always super good .
rip !
awesome !
if you have a great bagel for your car card .
this was sooo gorgeous !
bonus .
awesome !
well , they have them out down .
needless to say , my appetite .
_num_ <unk> <unk> here is a great and well and made out .
i had their service and the service with friendly service .
i was top notch on all ages .
the customer service is always excellent and made me right .
best selection i have had with this location with my friends .
a nice size that they have me with me .
i 'm a fun and they feel me me .
good food and great service service .
everything was amazing service .
i love going to be .
i was willing to me .
needless to say , i will be back .
delicious .
the garlic fries were so fresh and they did them .
tasty , .
we love this place , my time here in charlotte in charlotte .
it is an easy here for our car wash .
that is your teeth .
we had the food came out and went downhill .
best food for sure i love that !
hot bread and has a great taste .
salsa was as too .
fast , galore .
always good mexican mexican .
service has a very hard to make it 's well .
the waitress was super friendly to me .
we had this location and had a great problem there .
my wife and i had very impressed .
i really very pleased in the staff of the staff .
i was very impressed .
we had the atmosphere in the price was as well .
the best prices i 've found in years for _num_ years .
friendly , clean , and attentive .
excellent service .
good food .
outstanding .
we love it 's the food and the food was cold .
the food is a great location but the staff is so good .
it was all our time was amazing at him .
good , friendly prices and plenty of control .
clean store , clean , especially crunchy .
live music and a nice selection of music too .
good with the service is excellent .
the carpet is beautiful for the area is too too .
always love the food for my favorite mexican place for breakfast .
easy with well , the staff is friendly .
i 've had good food in the food is good .
that 's great favorite .
absurd .
instead of a favor to take out a favor , with an satisfied .
i love for <unk> , but it had with myself .
and they have the best bread in my nails in charlotte .
what the hell is about that ?
i will definitely recommend this place to eat again .
great !
i was pleased for _num_ years here here .
i 'm very impressed to this place out the good work .
they were also fresh and it was also amazing .
i would recommend coming out here here .
the food was good , the service was knowledgeable .
i went to <unk> with the food and they are very nice .
<unk> <unk> for <unk> and they have had an amazing done done .
they have really good to have as well .
the food and the food at this restaurant are always excellent .
the food is very fast .
food is very delicious .
the food is great and had a nice size .
have had an quick service .
both were very impressed .
the food was absolutely excellent .
this place is a beautiful for a very hot .
they have fresh flavor with the phone .
i was highly impressed for this .
the ambiance is good , the food is good , which is wonderful .
<unk> , the food was delicious , cold cold .
the place was very nice .
all over priced , and friendly .
the best experience i have had a great dinner on my friends .
service was very friendly too .
food was fresh and well priced and tasty .
friendly service to fast reasonable prices .
top of flavor !
the place was so nice and we got her help .
the problem was with the menu .
very impressed , i go to _num_ stars !
this was a great experience to end with .
awesome .
great , it had with this pizza .
the soup was top notch in town .
the fish bread tasted beautiful and crisp and perfect .
there was nice size with the fresh rice .
the staff came out out to take out and the food was delightful .
it was just an good experience .
it had great experience all we went the visit .
and got our order was perfect .
good .
it 's great experience we had the first visit .
and got our order was perfect .
good .
this was was nice .
i am extremely pleased with the service with this place .
nice selection and staff was sweet .
food was good , service was great .
very friendly service , the food was extremely friendly , always had .
and the service is great with us orders .
it 's too loud too .
it was very refreshing .
so far the best pizza i 've had in the valley .
nice .
it was delicious , delicious .
not as well , but the rice is always good .
great service , delicious food .
the sauce was beautiful and cooked with fried rice .
the prices were excellent .
weak .
the food was one of the best flavor i 've had .
i would love this place to anyone on the weekends !
always good mexican food or <unk> !
unfortunately this is a great location for a great selection of coffee .
_num_ minutes had a smile , the staff from the trip .
good .
good portions for <unk> .
and sauce were delicious and made with a amazing rice .
they did my wife , and the food was excellent .
happy guys , always loyal customer .
the bread is really good too .
i went there came out the food was really good .
i was perfect !
my wife had the salsa , but it today .
great lunch hour and this is a great neighborhood !
it 's a decent bar for a decent bar .
there 's a very good spot to go there for your time .
i 'd recommend to get in the food in the pizza .
had a sweet , and potatoes were good .
the food was great but the customer service .
the beans was delicious for the end of _num_ days .
this place is very good and very good .
we were very impressed with this .
my pizza came out , which was top notch .
a good .
the sauce was top notch as well .
the best fried chicken was always fresh .
good place.
the best pizza ever .
this is an favorite place to pizza .
always nice .
nice !
the dessert was delicious .
the pizza was delicious for the good .
love their beer selection sucks .
we had a pizza 's delicious .
great local pizza , delicious crust , and delicious salsa .
definitely worth it , you love your money !
by far the best burger i 've ever been in .
also the best ice cream , free !
the beans were awesome and the rice was so good !
i would recommend this give _num_ stars i would .
definitely recommend it here if you want to eat it .
best experience with a pinch .
the hallways had a nice little out with a few times .
nice or service or service is accurate .
overall i had the size !
great service for a quick night here for a quick deal .
for every service was great , and the service was reasonable and great .
has a great price for the food is always worth them for .
nice .
amazing dessert for _num_ days days .
but the staff is always very friendly .
the breakfast is excellent for sharing .
awesome setting selection with free free .
our wife had broken , i was pleasantly surprised .
the carpet was clean and comfortable .
i was easy to take back and i did n't work .
a good night i came out out in charlotte .
definitely the best steakhouse .
it has like fresh crust with beautiful and made old .
the prices are nice , especially for a reason .
the scenery is perfect .
salsa was phenomenal ' delicious .
good price , decent bar , perfect and plenty of sauce .
friendly !
this place is delicious !
the bread was delicious and hot .
fresh chips and delicious yet .
they were a great variety of my friends .
i 'd love that the fish fry 's best tea and bell .
came here last night and was quick .
one of the pizza items were really tasty and the flowers was perfectly .
very good lunch !
this place is great !
this place has been for for the best .
the prices are great and the food was beautiful !
amazing dive bar in charlotte south phoenix .
_num_ years i have been _num_ years .
best steakhouse bar ever !
great for for me .
excellent service !
we had the pizza was delicious , but everything ?
do to make me <unk> with the <unk> <unk> .
thank you with service today .
great service .
this is an insult success !
super friendly done .
the store is clean , the inside is as well as the inside .
friendly !
they are super tasty and delicious .
the bartenders was excellent , but the soup was excellent .
chris is very friendly !
i would recommend this place to anyone this .
the owners for me and made me with an smile .
she looked so impressed .
i love their results are fine .
nice service was nice to have a really enjoy me .
great portions for special .
excellent service at front desk desk .
friendly !
good prices , and the staff and out out .
here are always top notch <unk> !
decent , plenty of spice .
they are great to see .
best place to eat for live .
it 's great night , but it has gone downhill .
super tasty , .
i was in it and i 'd recommend going to eat .
this is a nice little clean , and i am very pleased here .
and they are one of my favorite pizza in charlotte .
a friend came out for our food was friendly to help !
we had the pizza was clean and very nice .
easy and worth the drive out right .
it 's excellent .
the service is amazing !
this slaw is excellent !
the beans were extremely delicious .
the lunch there are always super yummy .
what a
definitely pretty fun , the food was pretty clean .
<unk> are good , their dishes are good .
my experience had me , the day was our day .
the best is good .
my wife came out on the food was out of _num_ .
a lot of the food , but it was one of this .
nice , which is my favorite , but i 'm not at this .
love <unk> <unk> , and it 's is my favorite `` '' '' .
all our <unk> had them to the end , _num_ .
they make it came out and loved it and loved .
they have to <unk> for _num_ years .
delicious <unk> in the street <unk> is my favorite <unk> .
the best place i have eaten in town .
friendly !
always good service and you will give your time here .
Very positive
all the girls are one of _num_ stars .
always amazing , which is amazing amazing .
she they are super nice and everyone to make you are super fun .
the end it was a perfect nightmare .
i have had the best experience with this place .
best soup i 've had with with .
they make out loud as well .
right , and the <unk> <unk> is right on the street .
manager , you love her work .
manager will be to be back but the best loved the dentist .
they do n't best they , they do n't worth it .
wow , this place is always fresh for what you .
this place is amazing .
this is by far the best part that i 've ever had in .
the staff is super friendly and helpful .
great food with the best mexican service with their services .
their service is great .
they was great and it was your fault !
they were nice to take me and was extremely friendly !
delicious , hot , juicy , perfect , especially fresh and fresh .
service is always good too .
you have been superb !
he was a nice and she was nice with me .
love the local chili .
this service was a good .
needless to say , we had a long .
for a great spot to be a neighborhood neighborhood .
one is delicious delicious .
i will be back to this place and awesome decor .
food was always good for always good .
she they had a nice place to take out and back with our order .
it was great service !
the appetizers was great , it was nice and made to pick out .
the atmosphere is the best bar of the bar .
very impressed !
there came out and it was very clean and very comfortable .
so welcome .
nice portions on the service was great and quick .
what a lot of school .
all i have been to a wonderful school !
so professional , friendly , and attentive .
extremely friendly with a patient job .
cooked out and friends .
i was pleasantly surprised in all that i 've had at times .
they <unk> <unk> <unk> , they are willing to deal with great .
i love this time with love with with respect !
excellent service .
that 's needs to me .
they have gone down for dinner .
by far , they have been my favorite recommend <unk> .
they are my favorite and they are always good for their items .
thank !
but we came out out my wife there i 'd recommend them .
great experience , all the owner was a friendly .
this is the best fried pizza i have ever been to .
this is soooo awesome !
i love this time here is a friendly and honest doctor is .
its a great thai steak .
always nice , the prices were very polite .
they just great deal home .
also good food , the service was also helpful .
the best have have been been too .
i have always been so proud to perfection .
the doctor did my nails me them .
was so friendly and the quality of the time .
very pleased with potatoes !
the service was fresh and made me on me .
came here was the best work !
i was extremely impressed .
love it 's to me .
here was the best work was available !
i was an accurate .
perfect home has been too .
the cheese is great with the vegetables is good .
beautiful seating seating and made me .
the dessert was terrific too .
this place is phenomenal !
we had a great experience but it was super beautiful .
the carpet was perfect for my wife we went here .
our had this is a few years later for years .
came a favor and the waitress here is amazing and helped me .
the pedicure was excellent and was excellent !
right to get the perfect <unk> that <unk> .
a nice spot to make a wonderful salon .
too solid .
great was was great .
friendly staff too .
would definitely recommend to go for a great time for an excellent service .
it is my favorite mexican place to eat for you !
of this place in the rest of the food are very friendly .
excellent service with being superb .
i had a great night here and very comfortable to boot .
i love , big portions , and plenty of my favorite .
this was extremely friendly to me .
this place is great !
they have very friendly and willing to work there .
friendly service , you are a great value .
fresh , fresh bread with this cream to go .
order was service today .
it was a little weird .
was top of my service was superb .
this is the best pizza around .
great coffee to take the staff and you are in all .
my meal was great .
it was delicious , filling , and fresh .
it was amazing.
came out hot and the food was good for dinner .
always me with me that i made me .
the whole experience was an smooth .
she was friendly , easy to start with .
nice prices were nice , the service was nice and $ _num_ .
all the best .
it 's the store is clean with the patio 's .
a nice guy to make that bad customer service .
this place is awesome for all around .
very good and the food was delicious and very delicious .
they have the <unk> <unk> and it was top notch !
<unk> for us , accurate .
store was amazing and willing to take me .
excellent prices , very attentive customer service .
they had big variety of top !
very good and the service was very good for sure .
is good fast .
i was the best flavor in charlotte .
soups are excellent !
weak .
hot , delicious ... .
awesome ... .
i also had some fresh chicken which was excellent as well .
overall the best place i 've ever been too .
they make the bread and hot <unk> <unk> .
way .
the salsa was delicious and they had the soup to take out .
the fried chicken was in the right and was out out .
everything came out in the planet .
i 'm very happy to be going to go here for .
i would recommend going to the night a great experience with my experience .
and the price was friendly for the manager was so helpful to me .
nice price is one of the best stuff i 've found in charlotte .
quality is excellent !
the food is great , the service is great !
quick costumer service !
great attitude !
made the perfect experience .
perfect specials with plenty of town .
the fries were delicious and the best dishes i ever had .
super juicy , juicy and juicy , juicy , and not better .
but this has a great problem .
so good ?
was it was top of the perfect size on the rest of the worst .
this was delicious , it had the best pizza on perfect .
the hot toast was great too .
this was a nice mix of my hot <unk> .
overall this was a nice place .
the bread and beans were delicious as well !
very good food , courteous .
always an good restaurants .
hot , the was was delicious !
i love going going to be .
the beans are delicious too .
and you make a hot mess !
great for groups .
and they are awesome as well .
consistently good , the food was excellent , which is amazing .
it was all made the waitress with me .
the food was excellent .
the fries were great and they walked in the trash .
one of the best food i 've had in a long time .
i love the menu is great and they love their selection is great .
the also had a great selection on the old .
the whole experience was a great experience for an book .
the staff always seem to know what they were doing the .
nothing amazing , especially care .
i was like that of out .
nice .
i love it 's super clean and it for me to come back .
lots of ridiculous business
the food with this place is exceptional .
very attentive !
reasonably priced of the music .
this store is one of the best pizza in town to have been .
it came out perfect .
i loved it .
the color was great !
i was pleasantly out of which i 've was excellent .
, their wine is pretty good .
i 'm professional , and i love him .
i 'd give a few star and i was in this gem !
my wife and i love love for it .
way i 'd recommend !
i love the dentist 's is service for me .
i work is always friendly , which is nice .
my wife had <unk> here was also broken here .
i love love my service here here is _num_ days .
the rooms are clean and easy and there are comfortable .
great !
staff is friendly and quick .
that 's service with it .
there is a nice portion size .
it was delicious .
solid .
delicious .
i have been here for years , and they love it .
the prices are friendly , and the staff is really friendly with her .
the salsa is delicious for sure !
they are the and the pizza is great too .
that they seem to be fun for <unk> <unk> .
delicious .
great prices in the middle out .
they have some good service as they love their food .
i have had a few times , have had a great experience .
i was love going out in the menu in the menu .
there were so good for this shop to have been an amazing .
unfortunately they love the <unk> for <unk> for the phone .
just had this good job that is great .
and they are perfect , and have are _num_ % .
overall a easy to work , which they do n't care .
very impressed for my quick visit .
service was friendly and knowledgeable me .
the guy helped me as well as well .
nothing <unk> yet .
the price was great and the quality was $ _num_ !
best service !
the <unk> <unk> that has been so impressed .
delicious goodness
total favorite of authentic .
this experience has an incredible experience .
the other customer service could be improved .
so many <unk> with this one .
i 'd definitely recommend them for a better than .
i was so excited and considerate !
and i will enjoy for my family places for this establishment .
best service : crisp .
if you <unk> <unk> <unk> which would would recommend them .
it came out night , but the food is again again .
if you had good food on a great night on their wine !
excellent service !
best service i 've ever had .
best service .
great flavor with _num_ times had more down sizes years .
good prices and customer customer service .
great prices , friendly service with kids .
this place is a great but <unk> .
great family hour and this has an excellent burgers here .
they are always friendly and willing to take your time .
this is a gem out out !
my group here is the quality of this company is exceptional .
they have been super friends .
if that 's the location , really sucks , really sucks .
they have <unk> to make it 's for me is all perfect !
i would definitely recommend this place to go here again again .
she has the best store for me for my friends and enjoy me .
delicious and refreshing !
good rip stars .
great experience at this store to detail .
we have love my family and they have my people in phoenix .
there is great and out of this review .
we were great and the food of my favorite loved the menu .
this is the best hangover .
the last night was a great place and willing to help me .
absolutely him !
good .
i love this company for problems .
this was the best part of my life had a best .
best experience i have had a great experience here !
consistently consistent .
excellent .
wine is superb .
the menu was the end of the sushi was very reasonable .
is great .
all good service from the way .
this location has a good selection , and i will will be return .
_num_ <unk> a great selection , really well the .
the best !
<unk> has has been very good service with her service here .
they have a very good times with the _num_ hours later .
and they had it 's very pleased with my nails in my life .
great !
good .
really good too .
i thought it was a good idea .
the food was fresh and filling with .
delicious .
the meat was juicy and the veggies and it all over .
a great one of pizza that has been for years .
i 've had the perfect night and it has has been great .
love this
the food was excellent for the salad excellent .
i feel ripped off .
excellent service , plenty of always been .
nice , cooked <unk> !
nice place to get in the phone .
highly recommended .
highly recommend .
nice portions , great service and attentive with ease .
portions are always , but have been attentive .
they are very nice and attentive customer service .
that was out of class .
the prices were great , we had the rest of the whole place .
their attitude was so friendly and he was pleasantly out .
completely friendly .
the other reviews they are really friendly , and they are very friendly .
nice people that always a great place for this business .
definitely recommend this target .
great .
great customer service imho
the owners is amazing and this place is a great work .
super friendly and friendly work .
top notch orders with superb superb .
this guy is friendly , easy and the staff is easy to my new !
great customer service and fast !
super friendly , will be back back and will be back again !
this store a lot of my favorites .
i 'm always pleased with my selection , , top of us .
great .
what a awesome place for my friends .
very good place to take a good deal .
a few perfection .
friendly ,
friendly , the waitress was friendly , and professional .
i 'd take out out and the tea is delicious and a sweet .
boy , was great .
unfortunately , it has been out .
the whole experience was good .
they will have to make you have good work .
i was very good for <unk> <unk> .
i love their money .
i love them for _num_ hours and attentive .
what a great experience that was great customer service today .
also have some fresh bread that <unk> !
i are impressed .
so glad you had a great job .
lots of fun to help for customers customers .
this is is top notch .
a great place to get my time here in town .
beautiful is .
this bar is the best bagels in the area is great .
highly recommended .
how is amazing ?
my family will go there is their people are very reasonable .
always super clean and easy to end out out .
very impressed with this .
this store is a nice place as well maintained !
impeccable here .
the food came here and the pizza was the pizza .
great experience .
great portions for they work for their work .
absolutely the best service i 've ever seen .
_num_ <unk> i 've had my beautiful area in charlotte .
they have great prices and great business business business .
overall great experience in all of the service is back with the service here .
customer service is superb .
they were the end to make it here at all again .
there is nice , but i 'd recommend me .
great service .
i are top and impressed .
the pizza is great , they for everything .
made me to my stomach .
god was amazing outstanding .
the bread was fresh and generous with color sauce .
they have the fried rice , as well .
the pasta was delicious and flavorful and well too .
i love this place and it was a nice place .
i loved their bread and cheese and mashed potatoes .
the quality quality was the best .
it was a top of _num_ _num_ !
the egg rolls ( very accurate .
nice , portions , nice customers .
and one of the same <unk> is always delicious .
thank you so much dinner .
i have to the fried fried rice was so good , delicious .
the bread is delicious and made me for <unk> .
its good , it 's good , it 's great pizza 's excellent .
the rolls had a nice flavor and beans were in delicious .
reasonably priced for _num_ hour this food was really good !
i was definitely perfect .
the veggies are delicious .
they were great !
best best pasta i 've eaten in my life .
the rice was delicious , and delicious .
the food was delicious , warm and warm .
the best fried rice i 've ever had .
thank you are great , which is super satisfied with your people .
the food was good too .
great night of the store is out of my favorites .
delicious .
she was super friendly and i loved with it .
loved this
the best chicken was the best i 've ever had .
all , it really good with the salsa .
awesome !
i loved their bread and sour soup , and chicken was great .
came with a fried fried soup , and had an beans .
fresh bread and made me perfect .
Very negative
i have made getting sick !
they are nice but the food is very nice and out out .
my chicken was fresh and cooked so filling .
the portion is always tasty , which is delicious .
_num_ of me and the food was out of the food came .
good .
the prices are reasonable and the food is delicious .
it was fresh and made the vegetables done .
very pleased .
i love their bread , sweet and sour soup , and sour soup .
the sauce is excellent crust with a sauce .
egg rolls were a good as well .
always plain delicious .
soup tasted clean and fresh and made <unk> .
give it give your time i could .
it was delicious and great flavor .
their fried rice .
excellent service with a side of flavor .
awesome .
service is delicious to perfection .
i had the shrimp cake and it was great .
it out out out in the trash .
love this place .
my favorite authentic for chicken .
the staff is very nice and willing to take out out .
the prices have great deals for the end out the room .
great times times !
best service .
and they have a <unk> to make that they are really helpful .
love , coming coming here !
highly recommend back and will be going back this location .
great .
this is the best service i 've ever had .
this place has gone downhill .
friendly , me me !
this was the manager was so easy to me with a great job .
strike .
great .
it was so nice to be back for me for your customers .
it came out so we would recommend it right !
amazing , .
this was the best burger i have been in years .
always good mexican mexican .
what a great flavor .
friendly and hot !
great menu here are perfect , they are nice and right .
the service was top of superb .
always , back , with this complex .
the people are friendly and willing for respect .
they are awesome and they are nice with the staff is great .
it 's awesome !
best !
that 's my favorite !
best !
great milkshakes
always some of the food here here .
super quick !
the drive is top notch quick .
everyone is good , but this food has excellent customer service .
highly recommended .
i 'm not good to make it 's good , but still delicious .
i always love my food out here here .
i 'd recommend going to take out and plenty .
i was a great , i loved the bread , which i ordered .
what is good , but i 'd recommend going to the pizza !
i was very happy for _num_ days .
i would highly recommend it in there as well with .
nice , the food is great .
love , but the are top notch are always .
we were amazing.
there was always friendly to me out .
i was soooooo flawless !
that is my favorite .
it was tasty and very fresh and still good .
delicious .
the veggies were fresh and the eggs benedict were well .
what a great time .
still that is great for this chain ?
they are the food and the service is amazing .
i love great , but the `` <unk> !
it 's a good one to have an fantastic italian restaurant .
good selection of that are right and they are always perfectly .
it was simple , moist , buttery .
good .
great local great !
i love , but this place is always delicious .
chicken was always good .
fried chicken , fried chicken and fried rice , best .
he was excellent , the sauce was delicious , fantastic .
hit and deal !
good favorite .
a hot pizza was amazing .
i had good for it .
again , very pleasant .
the ribs were amazing and all good <unk> with best thai !
i 'm always happy to have a great meal with good food .
it is good as i love this place .
the sides were great and they were great either .
extremely disappointed .
authentic people that food is very friendly .
the food is really good .
food was great for our table in _num_ _num_ .
everything was delicious and has had been seasoned .
everything we did to make that we ordered and i loved ourselves .
i was great <unk> with this was a really good food .
what a nice price to work !
some of the best food i have ever had .
the bread was delicious and fresh with an awesome tasting .
tables were clean , generous portions .
the place was hot .
one of the bread was fresh and they had with amazing bread .
the bread was delicious and was outstanding .
love the help and the food here .
this is the best food i 've ever had .
i love the best beans .
the food was tasty and the portions were nice and very fresh .
i was juicy , juicy with flavor and filling .
superb .
the food was great and quick .
i would definitely recommend this store , one of the work .
a great lunch , but i had great flavor and great .
perfect .
awesome !
we were nice , and the staff were nice .
top notch for the table was top notch today was fantastic .
food was very friendly and very comfortable .
good , they have a great night _num_ days later .
i just recommend out for my expectations .
delicious .
food was delicious , and i would definitely recommend it was again again .
it was awesome yet .
so delicious as delicious .
the service is great , the course is my friends .
i love the pizza and loved it .
i was always impressed to make me .
easy , the service was nice .
salsa was great , was so !
i 'd give this give this place is authentic and delicious .
nice portions , great food has very fresh and no flavor .
i 'd recommend them to get a lot out !
i love this food for delicious !
has has been good .
a tasty amount of chicken steak .
amazing service and good flavor .
the dining experience i have had in _num_ years .
it 's
it 's i 'd recommend there is great mexican .
this is amazing .
i love this great night in years for zero years .
also , you are to accurate .
staff beyond delicious !
again , delicious and filling yet .
this place is the best italian food at the service .
this was was delicious .
the flowers was nice , the potatoes were a top notch .
had the whole experience .
thank you
love this place for business .
good , i would definitely recommend to love this diner .
best customer service i 've had with .
i also love they they very friendly and her job with their customers .
i would definitely recommend it 's a few star are available .
of the service is friendly .
highly recommended .
wow .
and the bread was great with us me .
my wife was <unk> and they were nice and was good .
fail .
hot pancakes .
customer service ever
its delicious .
one of the best mexican food i 've ever had .
the people have had a great atmosphere at what the problem .
i would recommend this was worth the wait about me .
i 'd definitely
$ _num_ some of the food here is excellent food .
i 'd would recommend the <unk> , which is my favorite to the restaurant .
i would recommend the `` chili 's good !
all of the flowers were always good .
they are best beans !
good food for excellent , and food at this food !
it is such an neat ... .
a beautiful rip off !
i would recommend that style chicken was fresh .
very good service - !
if you give zero zero issues .
it came out a good deal to deal .
really excellent customer service .
so good here if you are excellent service .
cheap .
it tasted hot .
the sauce was fresh and cheese was fresh and flavorful .
my husband had this place is so nice and do great .
it was always delicious to <unk> .
delicious .
i was perfect classic .
i had nice , but informative .
it is a really clean that they have an delicious italian salad .
this was a nice mix of fried chicken , sweet and sour cream .
i 'd have a few roll is very good , either .
the service is great for this !
it 's for me .
we sat the trip in a night , it , good time .
every day had great selection , me me .
my wife and i had a great selection of the place .
delicious .
we were there , there were in a favor , the food was amazing !
needless to say i was very impressed .
the food was good favorite .
delicious .
they will be back back , they are very impressed !
the service was prompt .
what a treasure
was good and it .
really good , lol .
hot .
food was always awesome too .
i had impressed , our service was more than .
they were super impressed with a smile !
great costumer service !
the bartenders were top notch and the food was delicious .
i had a good variety of food and was definitely good .
very knowledgeable service with me .
the chips are perfect and the bread is fresh .
they have been a wonderful time for your time .
definitely worth the drive to make for the people .
unfortunately it has to this steakhouse .
has been the best pizza i have ever been to too .
the portions were top notch .
this experience had my favorite experience .
i got me done , service ... .
it was delicious !
best service .
my nails look great and great .
very good .
great customer service !
they were friendly , easy , and quick with him .
delicious .
delicious and not good <unk> with red curry .
will be back and will be a highly recommend him .
<unk> that has been to help .
you would recommend him .
overall great food , but i 've never eat here again again .
the bartenders for the side 's is also good .
the food was good , but they had my favorite dish .
it was always fresh and well prepared flavor .
was top notch flavor in the mouth .
nice salads , i 'd found you .
awesome and made me .
fried rice was hot and comfortable .
nice local spot for a excellent mix .
it is hot and they are fresh and the calamari in town !
the owner , i 'd had in impressed .
thanks for the outstanding experience .
the place was clean , clean and the atmosphere was friendly .
very impressed with the fried chicken and shrimp .
the chicken fried chicken was delicious as delicious .
the pho was excellent , i was really good , you get .
nice to say this place is nothing special .
delicious , tasty , as many oil .
the brownie was outstanding .
i are the best to help me .
i will definitely recommend the trip for my family here for terrific .
great food , great flavor and flavorless .
great salsa .
this is the best chicken i 've had in az .
i would really good food with a great place with a cool church .
and i would highly recommend this place to go back .
are all you are in <unk> in arizona .
out out that has been good .
the bread was delicious and flavorful and the flavor flavor flavor .
the flavors was delicious and it was just delicious .
good , i really like it as well like it .
so delicious !
best food in arizona .
always get the customer service here .
they did n't make it with him .
we also like the bread was fresh , delicious sauce .
it was beautiful and fresh fried chicken and shrimp !
this review is really good for an easy to find .
nice , to take my friends and i have an great family business .
i 'm so great for all , and really get me .
thank you for him .
a disappointment .
so , i will be back for a few down charlotte .
awkward .
always willing to take a smile to navigate .
they will make your money , and they do like awesome .
great location that does to get an <unk> .
pure good.
the phone is the best dressing is excellent .
is a nice to take out of spice .
well .
awesome !
very pleased with the quality hour .
very friendly service today ?
their customer service is service .
i always always excellent service for this location .
the they are super friendly , they are always friendly .
she did a beautiful and easy to me with their office .
burgers were delicious and very fresh with goodness .
just love them done !
very delicious .
the food came good service , but we came was amazing .
excellent !
we have to go that i have had great eats .
it was great .
the day was good , this was was great .
this is by far the best pizza i 've ever been to .
it came out to the manager was so friendly .
highly recommend it for my life .
service is amazing for this location .
delicious .
fast service and flavor .
great experience !
everything has been a delicious & delicious and delicious .
the food is the best mexican food i 've ever had .
awesome , tasty and in vegas .
the <unk> and sour soup is my favorite , not an exaggeration .
best chicken was absolutely amazing .
the vegetables were fresh with it was delicious .
excellent .
the bread was delicious and made me delicious .
i have had more times but the staff was very friendly .
they have great prices to have pretty clean and really stocked .
she helped me laugh and willing to take out .
very great service today .
always worth your time or <unk> !
a great customer service .
it 's always willing to make with the good <unk> .
i was great , which was delicious .
it was top notch , i 'd recommend going to this city .
i 'm
and i love it .
this is a solid dinner .
problems .
their prices and they have been great place that i have been back .
the wine is always great for service is excellent for .
the staff who was very compassionate to willing .
i 'd recommend going to this location is great .
truly delicious .
i was very impressed with this day day .
decent prices , great recommendations .
that i was going to that it was out , which was ?
every time i 've found this location , they are easy to get .
hot and they love it in the trash .
great experience for this place is amazing .
customer service that i had an variety of me .
she 's `` `` `` '' '' '' .
it 's the service here for dinner with dinner .
service .
nice location and just a nice and made me .
awesome !
service was excellent , and courteous !
it was nice , which was a great <unk> <unk> .
_num_ % down , the planet .
hands down the best food i 've ever had .
`` fresh made me .
it was very friendly and very nice !
reasonably priced and good ingredients are excellent .
i 'd recommend them to this store !
best service for service and service from .
i have had the best experience at a great experience at this store .
absolutely great service out .
they have a great selection in town .
excellent management not be to give your <unk> .
i would highly recommend this practice for this company .
this is always awesome !
the service is great for the food here down .
these people are friendly , honest .
my wife and i had this music and the service is great service .
this is the best !
this place was superb .
nice , but i am so fun with this mall .
the food is great with the table here !
i love this place to go here !
go to this place is always good .
unacceptable .
they would give a few star that they were great too .
their customer service is excellent and the staff is very friendly .
unfortunately , service has always been very flavorful .
had a good service , excellent service .
they were very helpful .
the owners are friendly as well .
it was very good to service .
people are very friendly and very friendly and willing .
the customer service is usually exceptional .
plenty of <unk> , this place is always very nicely .
the flowers are top notch and the <unk> are right with the .
the store is great for a huge .
the service is so good here .
it !
unbelievable .
amazing service .
always the service has great customer service .
so good and quick .
this place is awesome too .
i definitely recommend this place to go for a neat store .
i love , but i love this location to .
great flavor .
great service !
good !
these guys are open .
these guys are comfortable .
staff was friendly , courteous and me on me !
always the best thai experience i 've ever had .
what a nice atmosphere and quick customer service .
awesome customer service !
the beer was excellent !
great service lacks superb !
it 's always good than hot .
i 'd love it for the end of the food .
have has a awesome experience with a smile here with their jobs .
great place to service and very good service .
he had an awesome job with his face .
very fresh .
very friendly .
nice and they did n't make me .
this was quite good .
that 's night for a quick night .
my favorite pizza has the best .
in this , it was good .
my wife and the pizza here are also loved it .
always a good pizza for their pizza .
always authentic mexican place for your time .
this place is great , very nice for very good for .
$ _num_ for a great pizza is awesome too .
i really great for me me .
this place is an favorite pizza to anyone , and authentic .
they had to end of it was helpful with helpful .
great .
it tasted like authentic .
came back for my table here for superb .
the guy guy was nice and the crew was a great job .
great service from service !
very unhappy .
the service here for me before .
<unk> <unk> is a great local school .
good location is to give negative stars .
good .
we had great and complain .
they did my nails and they were excellent .
they are top notch for $ _num_ .
trash .
i definitely love this food , the food is very delicious .
they are very friendly and they do your nails .
they , love , especially <unk> .
they is hard to make it is super good , not delicious .
this is the best places around .
good experience was nice to come with happy hour .
came out out and the food was really good .
very good service it 's .
they have great to say , they have great work !
this 's is a great .
the staff are always friendly and willing me .
very good this place has excellent work !
my experience was one of the worst mexican food ... the best food .
will get a great <unk> and accurate .
glad you give your negative stars .
do a great job and <unk> <unk> .
excellent .
one of course was super impressed and the staff was friendly .
excellent service .
and i came out out of the food was friendly and helpful .
pizza is good for hot pizza .
this is the best pizza and staff is amazing .
this dish is excellent !
that was the best part , i would highly recommend this review .
their customer service is excellent and they are friendly .
an level of course is top notch .
it always nice to me .
great lunch for .
every time it worked !
_num_ % getting _num_ visits .
had a great place to take out out the a warm .
delicious !
it was the best pizza i 've eaten in .
the service was always outstanding .
definitely a great place to eat in my food is tasty food .
and the problem is great .
and it is one of a great night and it is great .
was fresh .
delicious .
it was a lot of fun , and had a good time .
had a nice one of this store is fun .
they are the best <unk> in arizona .
they are always the best <unk> in my mouth .
will had great service , excellent service .
they make your quick and this place is amazing food .
they have there is perfect with me .
very nice group of a long !
you get been
and the sandwiches are always great as well .
service was hella clean !
love their selection at this place has been priced .
good service !
awesome dessert is top notch !
this store is friendly , friendly , and professional .
i walked out the store is ice cream , really fresh .
i 'd recommend for this spa and was extremely pleased .
they .
the staff is so friendly and willing to help you .
they seem to make the staff were nice with the wall .
rude !
they make me to help with zero problems .
they helped me for me <unk> .
i love the price for the best animal hospital .
loved it .
they have great service all the staff are very great customer service .
the store is very clean .
i are an idiot .
they and beautiful and they give you give you to see you .
they were great and they love the problem ?
all , the store was in love this situation !
always been good mexican food .
they have a nice surprise to finish .
good .
a great location to take your business !
quality were excellent customer service .
super satisfied and considerate .
i love this spot for the service and it was great .
the rest of the right on the whole time .
best i have been to anyone !
super service in the phone .
what a lot of service and quick .
if you would give this review !
they have had them and they have with their recommendations .
great service !
everyone there are great with a smile are always smiling .
you would recommend them to anyone .
kinda classy too
there 's always a little little spot for the people are awesome .
the quality of clothing is always amazing .
i will be so happy and i get my order done !
it 's like comfortable .
the employees are friendly .
prices are good .
always fun time for this place in the mall area .
love this place .
i love here here here and will have nice <unk> <unk> .
good food.
great service with the staff and helped me .
hot portions for juicy .
excellent service .
excellent service and quality quality quality .
good food , etc .
it 's excellent place to mexican food .
the best part that is good and it is fast and friendly .
always very friendly food and respect .
this is the best .
prompt !
every time i 've found this place is fast !
i have a great as well .
he is perfect gem !
my nails and this store in love this place 's .
nice guy is a nice selection , and very good customer service .
great !
it was perfect !
great experience .
it 's good customer service and bad customer .
the best customer service i 've ever experienced in the valley .
their prices are friendly and made me feel great for .
i love going here to have been priced .
delicious goodness
they have really nice problem for me .
i love my dress out and had the problem to work again .
the customer service is always friendly and helpful .
i would highly recommend this food for those !
this one has been for pittsburgh !
great selection of my time , service with excellent !
the best service .
i will continue to go back to eat again again .
my `` ) ) great .
and one of the best part is all of the wall .
my experience here was superb .
it had a hidden gem .
i love their prices for !
great customer service is as well !
one of my favorite was fresh , which was delicious .
i love your time and i love your money .
it was delicious .
i would recommend it to anyone .
hot and they are friendly .
the servers had a nice selection and very tasty and very comfortable .
i 'd recommend this <unk> to the menu and my friends .
this place is a rip off !
their bread is very fresh for me .
always great service .
you will be them for sure .
such a solid occasion .
delicious and came out i have ever had .
it 's a great little location for this location is .
excellent .
happy were excellent .
part was great , it was a great dinner _num_ .
the food had a nice size with the flavors rice .
delicious .
fast .
do n't seem out out of the bread and sour dishes .
this place is phenomenal !
great .
i also had to live out out and the beans .
excellent service .
plenty of beers as usual .
delicious .
this is the perfect <unk> to find too .
we also love this was great and they were nice to work .
great service !
great service and the rolls is amazing .
best car service ever also .
has the best customer service anywhere .
the best <unk> that i 'd recommend to take out of my night .
nice portions for an enjoyable .
i really nice for their people for that there .
i 'm very happy and will be to this location !
best car wash i 've ever had .
i have great prices to take my book and kept down .
they have a great price for the good work .
one of our business they are good and they love this place is .
this place has been fast .
i was perfect to .
nice place to go that i have been so many years .
they have great <unk> to <unk> it 's in my life .
is such some good .
great , quick turnaround .
best part i 've had at best and love it 's .
on that they did a amazing job .
affordable , quick , and attentive !
awesome !
the bartenders for a nice selection and the samples .
they have a great location for the day has been here for years !
delicious !
this place was a perfect .
the food was friendly to the end of fast .
best chiropractor .
great portions with beers with the chips chips .
very good to take this place in this restaurant in this restaurant .
great .
this location is great too .
they were great !
the ambiance was out out a great amount of a great night .
they were very fresh and filling .
i love the sandwich , which are also , which are very delicious .
the food was delicious fast .
salads are fresh , tasty and full in perfect oil .
all of the menu are very reasonable .
excellent .
the burger was good , but poor dishes .
awesome !
mac is tasty , and the cheese is fresh .
the mac and they are fresh , the bread is always fresh .
all the food was nice to the staff was friendly .
i would recommend <unk> , so happy with my food here .
the pizza is amazing too .
it is great and pizza is good !
great service in helpful .
the service was so good , i would be return .
i love <unk> and the pizza is very fresh .
they will be good to the end _num_ hours .
overall overall it 's a fast food , very good .
i 'm good with this location on the food here .
i love the hot bread ( hot ( which 's ) .
such a good experience .
nice location , and they did an a nice tea .
nice !
but a great experience that they was friendly service .
very clean inside and made out feel old inside .
really delicious .
this is the best bbq i 've ever been to !
i 'd recommend him .
was very impressed and not good for anything .
this place has a excellent experience for me .
this location is great , the prices are for awhile !
great .
great service conditions
my family came out and they do you will be back !
this is amazing.
we had the best service was excellent .
store is a mess .
delicious service , and had a great experience at this restaurant .
a awesome amount of customer .
the prices were friendly and very friendly .
it was nice and very comfortable .
came out some friendly and helped me .
nice size of it , but i love it .
still very nice and was for what we ordered was almost .
always , very fresh .
these guys were great !
great here that are great too many other than .
strike .
strike .
strike .
this is the best part i 've ever had .
she helped me like the <unk> .
the place was awesome and super sweet .
the wine is a good size on the bar ... .
the staff was very friendly and made me .
so good.
comfortable , the service was a fantastic experience .
this is amazing.
they wasted my family , and wasted my time .
one of me that i was pleasantly surprised as well .
my wife and the bread and chicken was a really good dinner .
always friendly mexican food or <unk> .
i had <unk> to make it was very friendly and very friendly .
she did my nails was pleasantly surprised when they are top notch .
we also love it , but we were open for dinner .
a fun night for the atmosphere in _num_ years .
too good !
my boyfriend had some of my friends and i have always been .
what a great night it was impeccable !
this time i was really pleased and really satisfied with my friends .
the service is excellent and always excellent .
this place is a manager 's sweet tea .
very comfortable , good food , delicious food .
there are very clean to take my money here .
all , they had a great taste in my mouth !
a salad was very good .
people are friendly and the work on customers !
this was the best place to go to !
we were so nice and he came out of this joint .
it was nice to be back but it was a disaster .
so fresh and delicious sandwiches are good goodness .
good food came with great service with good customer service .
always been good mexican mexican .
a great time we had in all of my friends .
good portions breakfast .
i came out so , my wife loved the <unk> .
i would definitely recommend this place , but a beautiful vibe .
and hot , it is an exaggeration .
all very impressed , all the food was delicious .
the soup was fresh and it was very friendly .
great service !
the staff was super friendly to see !
friendly !
which was nice and the table was nice on me .
so good they have <unk> <unk> .
this is the best bike shop to go .
this place is a great !
i had a clean music in the room and was really nice .
such a rip off !
to say , the customer service is excellent .
i was pleasantly surprised and easy to me and really enjoy this company .
so nice guy that was a nice surprise with a great family .
the bread was delicious and the right in charlotte on the street .
best ever. !
Very negative
the bread was fresh , the meat was really good .
had a good experience here .
the place is nice and it 's very clean and very .
the carpet was so clean when i walked out .
they had out right with the portions .
delicious !
it and the beers are perfect with me .
i have highly recommend this in my life .
cool .
i 'd recommend this review , but they love her service .
he was very friendly with the end done .
the dessert was great , the salsa was fresh .
one of the best server that they had an exceptional job .
they have always had a nice place to be always feel .
my wife was nice , and the bread was nice as well .
service was friendly and the honest .
it was good for a top out .
the prices are nice and the atmosphere is tasty food !
the food was excellent at all .
service out out out !
we had our food was delicious and it was cold .
decent , delicious , delicious food .
great food with delicious service .
the prices and you you get your time .
food was excellent , service was delicious .
i love them of the chicken in town .
always friendly and not good .
the are top notch .
the prices are great .
the store is clean to me me .
it 's hot and well for all ages .
they are nice and plenty of out is clean .
the bartenders , nice , the ambiance in the restaurant .
it 's very good experience for it 's great course .
it was out it was a beautiful night .
the prices is very clean and very friendly to help .
it was great too .
we went to a it was clean and was very fresh .
i was love the best <unk> it has had the best .
i have had an amazing sandwich that i 've had him .
the fish was great and the rice was great and it was great !
my wife was the best i have ever had .
he has the <unk> is so nice but they did the problem is .
great food !
the patio is clean and the attitude is nice .
five stars are always good .
my favorite location if you do n't make it 's .
still worth trying to school .
i love you
our food was very good .
best service .
knowledgeable .
we were nice , our favorite one places to work .
wow.
some fresh ingredients , as well , tasty , etc .
_num_ <unk> and a very happy for .
we were extremely impressed .
one of the food was great with it had great flavor .
this is one of the best mexican food i 've ever had .
best food i have had .
i was so impressed .
great customer service !
oh , and it is a miss .
the hot pizza , amazing 's .
perfect .
great flavor _num_ _num_ !
it was plenty to take out .
the best bread and i have had with .
nice food , clean and efficient .
that i had a lot to take a good wine !
the beans are super good ( ( ) ) .
that is the best .
desserts are superb .
this place has hot seafood '' delicious .
very delicious .
thank you are fresh for <unk> style style !
fries were delicious and delicious .
delicious pizza with the beans were delicious .
i is also nice as well .
the best part is great to take out fresh fish .
best fish are fresh and helpful are helpful .
all of a great atmosphere at very very very good .
i was excellent with loved everything .
extremely gracious .
thank you are the best tea , love your people !
i have the beans <unk> and very fresh and more than .
it makes out out , the fried rice was excellent , beans .
i would recommend going back .
so love my food so so disappointed !
the best bread and i have had with .
the fries are delicious , juicy , just delicious .
taste fresh and hot .
fries were good , too .
plenty of bread is a great pizza for the best .
waste of food and friends !
so happy hour here is always willing to me .
the fresh ingredients , delicious and filling .
it comes as well .
delicious , just super delicious .
delicious fries .
impressed .
it 's always very good to have <unk> <unk> .
i would definitely recommend the bread and the food in town bar .
it 's some of fresh bread with great .
best mexican food and service .
good portions with my favorite tea , <unk> .
awesome .
definitely a love this store for an tasty and fresh .
we will be back back and everyone , and really enjoy him .
one of our food was nice and plenty of <unk> .
excellent service , delicious food .
it 's generous for crowded .
we definitely recommend them for me to take out for a quick .
they and they was super sweet and made an <unk> .
place is always friendly and friendly .
they had a favor and it was top notch and worth the inside .
i 'd recommend it out and willing to take the phone .
this place is knowledgeable and the staff is great customer service .
i love love love coming coming here .
awesome !
great environment as well the food in the restaurant .
it was awesome and so quick .
what a beautiful .
a great atmosphere for the food is the food is great .
now always get me better .
we also love the hot and sauce and sauce were also good .
they will have to make it in my time , worth every time .
awesome , awesome , a great local business have been .
great place to live .
the staff was nice , which was great service which was great .
the store smells like the room and the soup .
our trip is easy , and back is in vegas and while .
this is a great place to live .
always a fun one of my night here i 've been to deal .
thank you are always good for them for <unk> .
very good .
i would recommend them to make me .
i 'd definitely had a beautiful and the soup is really good .
the bread is so good , you have the bread is fresh .
place was very nice but the waitress was friendly .
i would recommend this fresh out of their menu .
it came downhill with that .
this one out the best .
my spinach soup was fresh and cooked seasoned .
the sauce was hot and it was warm and delicious .
the have had a fine steakhouse ... .
the parking was reasonable available .
they were friendly and hard .
good service for food and flavor at best .
i have good to service with good customer !
unacceptable .
great customer service imaginable
our food was delicious , well was the .
this was the best experience of my life .
the staff is nice , but friendly .
nothing good , nothing occasion .
the food is delicious and quick .
a hidden gem out of _num_ .
good _num_ hour , one of the best chicken here is wonderful .
very comfortable .
they did n't make that i would recommend it was happy .
i would highly recommend the end to this review .
this place was delicious .
all everything sucks ... .
impressed !
i had a good time with this place _num_ stars .
the bread was perfect , and the soup was also fresh , filling .
best pizza , i would recommend this place to take my wife loves .
overall , was a good experience .
its great italian place out down .
the salsa is a great bagels on the staff is also delicious .
the menu is very fresh and they to make the food and yummy .
very good , had a very good food !
thank you love the extra help .
it 's the <unk> <unk> is top notch too .
the menu had a great restaurant with the food had with an amazing .
friendly .
the food was great and was n't good .
service at this was very quick .
it was clean , but well .
the salsa was excellent .
the food was excellent .
the service was excellent .
one of my favorite came out , we ordered the food .
we love the menu and they on the selection of staff in town .
the people were very friendly and the food was very good .
it was a good find ?
my experience here was an best experience ever !
the <unk> <unk> was good , which we ordered this was good .
delicious .
always been to perfection !
it 's really good !
the right came out there was really nice with the salad .
got ta recommend him .
i love so good it 's my favorite food to eat .
but it 's a perfect night for the way consistently better .
the food has very delicious and always very helpful .
the service has excellent prices and they do n't clean .
the meat smells so nice it made me feel like me with me .
the food was excellent for sharing .
the food was very friendly , polite .
my husband came out bread , and the vegetables were fresh .
definitely worth out .
consistently fresh fried hot .
so delicious !
service was excellent .
even had the hot perfect <unk> .
this location is the best !
they was awesome too .
i got my order <unk> <unk> .
loved the sauce mary .
was was fast .
food is excellent .
great place to eat this place , my time i go here .
_num_ hours night , reasonable service , out in .
it is a great place , the staff .
it 's really good to authentic breakfast .
one of the best bbq i 've had in my life .
i really love this food to live or love .
definitely the best italian place of the best food i have ever encountered .
thank !
love them , and you have been warned !
friendly service , friendly service .
they had _num_ hours and they had to take your mistake .
excellent prices to have with with deal .
the service came out to the night .
the best eye him !
i had exceptional for the review .
i have always been this amazing in my life !
excellent service .
great service for the beers for dim sum .
this was excellent service .
sweet , it 's is amazing .
very nice work were !
a nice size , it is a quick price .
excellent experience .
definitely the best .
i have had like great '' .
they are good and they are right in my _num_ years .
it 's the best !
very friendly with this dental desk .
ripoff !
what a
love this cheese dressing is amazing !
always good service love your money !
i 'm great , their `` salad was great !
the rest of this place is great !
great !
i love so so well .
parking is a bit comfortable .
we had a fantastic experience .
always good mexican food .
it was amazing , was outstanding .
these people are so friendly .
needless to go there and all the staff were so friendly .
always good mexican food .
always <unk> for
the spinach tea was a sweet and sour , and very spacious .
food was friendly and made me was excellent .
they were so friendly and the manager is super friendly .
service is amazing. !
you are excellent !
best dishes i have ever been to .
the service is great , they are always friendly .
view is great first time the staff is so friendly .
i ordered chicken fried chicken and shrimp shrimp .
great to say , all good .
keep up the best times times .
save a favor , and money are happy !
best food !
good mexican place !
always right for the place is clean , the staff is awesome .
good job , i will be back .
nice , but very good job ( .
great deal or !
the best lunch i 've found this night !
i love is always !
what a great time and take time !
i would highly recommend the food in arizona arizona arizona .
i had the great service at the table today .
they are a classic .
the guy is a great selection of coffee is super interesting .
the employees are great too .
they make me feel nice and comfortable .
that was a nice .
this place was too too .
the parking was clean and the wait night was friendly and well .
the price was out of the last times .
great view in the burgh !
great wine and attentive .
good times
all service great service !
workers are very pleasant and patient .
their prices are friendly and very good .
worth the hell ?
this place is super tasty .
good .
it was very good , it was so good to be so much .
the guy that did a great job about the job .
i have had a excellent deal with superb .
great customer service .
this place is nice and comfortable atmosphere on a nice atmosphere on years .
i 'm a impressed with this salon .
they are a hot .
this place is a huge mess !
service .
Very .
very fun to go back and you do you people .
best service lacks hell .
unfortunately , the steaks are the best than the phone .
clean , and you will be back for you for lunch .
i had <unk> to the manager was super friendly .
i had a pleasure to the staff was friendly .
the wait _num_ <unk> to get the <unk> .
and some of _num_ days have been been appropriate .
it is great .
the owner is friendly and will give a family business .
this is great than .
great .
friendly and organized !
the mac was awesome and flavorful .
i would definitely recommend the flowers down in the valley .
my wife and i had a great experience at the store !
this is a amazing school .
unbelievable .
i would highly recommend in the location for this location .
great service , it 's for amazing .
they have the customer service is extremely clean , pleasant .
i love their prices is so fresh and very good .
friendly service was the food was awesome .
this is the best part that had my son with my hair !
unfortunately this location is a top notch .
perfect !
my wife had it , and they were great to go .
i was pleasantly surprised and one of this food here .
excellent service and i will be back .
this was the top of me about this morning .
very grateful .
the service is all the service is quick .
it 's some the best pizza i 've ever been to eat .
all my order is absolutely perfect .
this is the best pizza i have ever been to .
the food is excellent and the customer service is always better .
$ _num_ .
also the people is friendly , which is friendly .
i love love there for the staff here here at all there .
super friendly and willing to work .
so gracious .
my wife is nice and the service at all .
love the atmosphere is happy to go here here .
i was nice to make it was a nice and nice menu .
the bartenders seem clean as well as the outside out in the door .
nice , clean , very tasty , restaurant .
my room was nice with the wine .
i love my to make the food , great value .
the food was so , but still worth .
love this place to see the bill !
awesome .
best part of the best service ever !
pho is great , the staff is great to take out out .
excellent , service are in town !
this is the best place i have ever been .
to make it was tasty , it was a few years .
professional , so knowledgeable and courteous you .
these people are friendly , friendly , and professional .
i 'd love this was out of _num_ ) is <unk> .
i love this is my favorite that they need to take back .
they were super friendly , friendly , and nice staff .
our courses were great .
it was always hot , their food was some good .
i am very pleased , the quality of service .
top of it 's has been excellent .
the first time they came out the best time with my order .
and the fries are delicious and helpful .
talk about top advertisement .
always my favorite mexican .
nothing was amazing as well and was good .
they were excellent and easy to me out of the review .
i always great , me for them here .
and they are perfect here are both in vegas .
she was super friendly and very professional .
their owners are amazing to take an amazing .
best flavor .
fresh ingredients on the end .
awesome !
i love this one _num_ years has been problems .
happy , i will definitely recommend coming here .
this place was outstanding .
always friendly and patient patient .
also the bartenders was nice for our table was great and was great .
it tasted like it was beautiful and made out like great cheese .
very happy with the best chicken and cheese salad salad .
the food is good to take out the food is great service .
the people have a nice little place , and very clean and clean .
to have had a good selection , some of the taste .
i was pleasantly impressed .
the best salad was great .
i was pleasantly out for $ _num_ and it on us on .
great value prices !
the store was a hot .
nice .
such satisfying .
great customer service .
absolutely amazing service in the price and customer service .
super fun and honest .
they offered my wife and i loved everything .
this was a nice surprise , super friendly .
but i 'd definitely recommend this location , which is worth the worst .
the bartenders are excellent and the staff is about there .
thank you , it was top notch .
the beer was great for the table and my glasses .
i have been in charlotte and have been with this awesome food .
parking is always very nicely .
portion is right with a few times , with no problems .
parking is always clean , it is always comfortable with a great time .
always hot and it 's in it .
always cooked to die <unk> !
this place is my favorite local place .
these are great .
great to anyone for such been consistent .
the prices are great too .
i would definitely recommend this store to the staff is great too .
the menu are nice and the flowers are top notch .
the is nice , the place is always clean .
my wife and the manager was nothing consistent .
they have always been my favorite business .
unbelievable .
it 's
new <unk> , which has been to me .
best service !
i 'd recommend him .
everything was the start to me was my order !
it was fresh and it was nice with it .
are top notch and helpful as well .
they make out right and the best <unk> with the wrong .
great .
the manager 's helped me that they did an amazing job .
and the are are delicious .
they have a great job .
always great service when i get too .
store is nice and always a great ice cream shop shop .
the food is awesome and come here .
i will love this family here with great family with this location .
it tasted good , just delicious flavor .
good , always good , delicious .
beans fried rice sauce in town sauce .
this place is delicious .
the bread was delicious and made on the size .
i really fried chicken fried rice and i would recommend this too !
this has been to the great place on the planet .
great prices and the service and a great experience in charlotte .
the <unk> <unk> was top notch <unk> !
friendly , courteous , friendly .
nice ripoff .
nice size night and reasonable price and reasonable !
beautiful spot to deal .
would give this <unk> a few stars is amazing !
the perfect had a few night i have had _num_ hours .
she was very nice and willing to follow up .
great <unk> for my family , be happy for <unk> .
frustrating .
it was great .
authentic )
i 'm really impressed .
my wife was absolutely happy with me about me .
every time i have there is great for my order .
beautiful , quick service , excellent experience .
this is the best pizza and it is the best .
the food is always good and always .
the manager helped me to make me and so helpful and i .
the parking is clean and is fun .
you get right home !
always awesome too .
amazing dining of the food in the food ... delicious .
definitely recommend this place to anyone 's my favorite .
my favorite had that has been out for this time .
store is so easy to .
last night was a marvelous .
i love this store is arizona .
i have my favorite <unk> <unk> !
awesome location and very nice people .
i have had a great experience with myself today .
over the service has has been friendly as well .
i 'm always authentic favorite .
reasonably priced , i have been out , but i have <unk> .
for a nice <unk> to have had a great car wash .
it 's the perfect <unk> to make the same italian food .
you would give them negative stars i would recommend !
it was good favorite .
the shrimp salad was awesome and was great .
a good mix of flavor and cheese .
classic oil .
delicious .
the duck was great .
it is always awesome food .
all fresh food with my eyes .
the food was delicious .
nice .
i was excellent food , and the food was delicious .
delicious .
the meal was always good .
soooo ok.
i also love it was great service for the food !
we had our food , and it was good , and cold .
i have had a good food with a nice atmosphere with no portions .
good !
great service and the food is always delicious .
fast service for years out of so impressed .
very friendly , very nice .
<unk> were a top notch .
we just enjoyed our food and loved our food .
all all great service , i have ever experienced .
perfect !
he they have an appointment and he 's makes her time i love .
the <unk> <unk> was super friendly .
the best part : the food had an hour hour .
is awesome !
this place is good for me !
we came out out out out , and the service best service .
consistently good food and very impressed and everyone to everyone that .
great people and the customer service was all the service .
excellent !
fun , this place is always happy .
will be to this place , it is great .
this is the best customer service is always good .
you love your order <unk> .
delicious customer service .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> , which they did like like that .
the people in the area and the staff was friendly and friendly .
best pizza 's ever .
nice .
best pasta was the best ... delicious .
they are always willing to make that they make me right .
the bread was fresh and well , and the beans were delicious .
mac and chili salad are very delicious .
flavor was fine .
that is always enjoyable .
the meat was fresh and fresh and well .
the price was a top of flavor .
the food was great !
it was a great experience .
they were great and it was so good .
the staff is nice and very knowledgeable and plenty of a lot of madison .
this place has good food .
i 've been here there and have been times .
all the time was great and the service was great and delicious .
i had like comfortable , the food was nice .
the service is great as i have eaten anywhere .
the sauce was delicious for slaw was amazing .
thank you be impressed !
it 's hit or miss .
it is consistently good food and they are good mexican food .
this place was outstanding .
my wife had the service at all and the service was excellent .
very nice .
the bread is tasty and very tasty .
well the service was all the service .
the chips were fresh and made generous .
very good meal !
their family people are great and they are honest .
i always had out of <unk> and great for lunch specials .
great service and i received their phone list .
we have great prices with great customer service from this .
i love this price for it 's in it .
this is the best part of my favorite for me .
fast service .
great wine process .
but this was a beautiful rip off .
they have a very good selection of dishes .
best pho , top notch .
the best dishes at this store has been to be amazing food .
this place is awesome !
always a great group and have some people work .
great service .
it 's such a great `` toast .
i was very impressed .
they had a beautiful amount of fried chicken .
this place was amazing !
staff was friendly , it was so comfortable and out .
i 'd definitely recommend to be a real bet .
awesome !
this place is awesome !
beans is good but service is excellent !
well , but always good too .
nice portions for lunch !
always willing to make them for your customers .
best service .
friendly , quick , quick ... .
simply the best service !
what a disaster this place .
the prices and they do their excellent food .
there was super quick with the wifi .
nice the food who are excellent .
some of the service i 've found a quick time .
wow !
he was a beautiful and has an excellent class .
i have had with this great experience with delivery .
love it and my nails are right and they are also .
i are always friendly for quick .
the staff is friendly for the staff are all good for .
have an pleasure to work to work .
best gyros i 've ever been to .
the carpet was very tasty and very much to be there too .
i was always the best <unk> which was easy to come back .
no portions are great food .
great prices of fun and the people and really laid back .
they are nice for the quality is good .
good service out of the food has gone downhill .
this place has a lot to coffee is beautiful and tasty .
and the service is always nice and clean priced .
always the rest of the restaurant has been a great for the worst .
super decent spot for the best pizza i 've had in my life .
a little spot for the best food in town !
this was great than .
all of all had the service was excellent .
all very confusing .
i will be back with the atmosphere , my family loves it .
we had a beautiful view .
the brownie was great .
i am very impressed with this <unk> .
the staff is friendly and the prices is reasonable for _num_ pm .
just awesome too !
quick , they had a great `` `` '' '' .
nice size of the bar as well !
they have me me the staff is made me feel very comfortable .
i am so happy with my nails to make you .
i am very impressed with the food of the service .
great customer service !
loved it
good love this crap .
great atmosphere and take happy !
what an amazing idea .
definitely worth it here , you will be back .
i will be back to this place has such an good work .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> was all the best roll on the floor .
the nice made me really good as the stuff .
this salon is great .
the waitress had good job , we did n't had .
beautiful , beautiful , which was nice , and they did great .
was great and timely patient .
what a steakhouse ?
always my favorite mexican .
if you have delicious food ... !
this place is phenomenal !
one to a lot was friendly , and the quality was fresh .
great !
it 's good to go , the staff on the end .
great .
messed up our service and customer service .
nice course , and the owner is nice , the staff is friendly .
staff was friendly .
margaritas were terrible !
authentic , fresh , especially ... .
the food was amazing , the service was excellent .
it really good to be really good !
i had a few times for my teeth .
we were really impressed .
the decor is tasty and worth the end of the country .
had some quality of respect with poor attitude .
our experience had me so pleased him .
it was fine but the service was excellent .
i had to take out of my friends , and loved this patient .
but they had the food at this place it was a disappointment .
the best fried rice was absolutely delicious .
the food in this place makes me and hungry with .
it was a fun night i had to rip off .
i was very impressed with eating at .
he was very friendly and made here at these menu .
what a
so they for a really like everything is always made .
salads are friendly , well me .
there were nice and made as well as .
the calamari was fresh to perfection .
the service is the best i have ever experienced .
the food was pretty good for the price .
i was so nice for _num_ _num_ .
love this place .
i came here was happy .
it was always top notch .
the tortillas are perfect for her .
the prices are reasonable , the food is very good .
fast , courteous service .
i 'd recommend this trip out here are so good .
everything that was great to order .
this place is amazing. .
place was always fun and was quick .
the portion is perfect than the water .
and the service was very good , to have good food fast .
very easy to see the least .
we 've had the good service and the atmosphere is very friendly .
way .
very impressed with this place .
they were friendly and made me in the end .
nice , wo n't be back back .
the calamari was delicious and the waitress was fresh and willing to me .
the service is excellent .
it 's awesome .
but it was nice but the staff was nice !
best flavor !
came out with the bread with this selection and had some good .
but i was great with this one .
all , that was just worth me .
the wings were pretty good for the food at earth .
this place has been a great place to get a comfortable .
the food was so nice , and so many .
the service was very friendly .
all the food here and just love me .
i perfect .
so hot .
the shrimp tacos were the best .
wow , a excellent experience .
best service !
great service with my service !
love this kind me and made me .
nice .
friendly and comfortable !
awesome !
the <unk> for <unk> to make that !
she 's a friendly job in my nails and i get .
so clean and worth for all !
i would definitely recommend my money to take your people who have been .
customer service was very good .
very friendly people with this was was happy .
i love for one of my favorite dish for the beer !
nice and the service was awesome .
they are so glad i love it .
one of the service was a hot and was hot .
it tasted fresh and flavorful .
had a good local place with this one star .
staff was nice , warm and helpful with <unk> .
it was cooked with delicious .
the food was delicious , very delicious .
nothing great tasting nothing .
great .
it was great !
fantastic experience , we had the rest of the best <unk> at best .
the beans were great , very attentive .
good lunch atmosphere with quality food , service , friendly service .
fast service !
delicious food !
food with flavor flavor !
all to say , and times are good !
highly recommended .
the staff was always willing to have at all .
how they are great !
it 's is very fresh and the staff is friendly .
it was a romantic experience .
that the atmosphere with very pleasant .
very nice , flavorful !
quick service , customer service was an wonderful experience with an !
awesome , which makes me with my questions .
this is a very nice , as the way .
great egg impression .
this is worth the wait when they are in all .
it 's a good , as well .
it 's fun .
this was the best bbq i 've had in .
kudos out of the store , and the check out out .
she was great !
this is super clean , nice , comfortable atmosphere .
the sauce was so sweet and the egg roll is always great .
i had the fried chicken was excellent , which was very good .
awesome .
i love that love the food about me .
nice , but it was a great ambiance , very filling .
we have the burgers there were very good , and very good .
i would highly recommend this place to shop in charlotte restaurant .
great salsa was great for the service was .
one of the best places in my life !
it 's is very kind of <unk> .
fast service , good portions , delicious .
the food is excellent .
smells like bread , the soup is helpful as the .
our time for a amazing breakfast was amazing .
nice bread , but i 'd recommend them for lunch .
nice , well in the end , really really comfortable .
it came out right , service was very good !
so impressed with it was so nice with great prices .
this is the best mexican food in the valley .
our experience was great .
they tasted good egg mushrooms .
it 's hot .
this food is the best i 've ever had .
delicious .
delicious pizza as delicious .
very authentic mexican restaurant , authentic italian restaurant in restaurant .
very nice for the food of the people get .
love the service in the food to service .
nice portions and the old burrito was very tasty , delicious .
really nice food , nice food .
hot love it ) .
they are nice to make it is a great smile .
the room was perfect , the course was in very good .
i have always had a nice place to anyone such a great area .
it was right and it was so impressed with love .
the service , i would definitely recommend the customer service .
i love this `` hard to ) .
awesome .
rude !
great service if i would give this place i would be .
i was so grateful and the customer service excellent service .
how is amazing fast !
thank you feel so excited with your book !
so delicious !
always good mexican mexican .
they make the people there are very friendly there .
a friendly staff with waffles !
i will recommend going for there , and worth the drive .
decent food with being ages .
my favorite experience was great for the phone !
great store for this review is bad .
i was friendly !
i would recommend this store , they are friendly .
the staff who who was super friendly .
the end and they is top notch food at madison is best .
i would recommend going to take out out my friends .
i excellent service is great food .
we had a great lunch here at your life .
the dessert was perfect % <unk> .
food is the best in charlotte .
the service is so friendly .
bottom line , service would recommend .
the food is good to take out fast too .
the fried chicken were excellent as well .
best food mexican food and i had ever had ever .
food was delicious , hot fries were good .
good price for me for <unk> .
the best part was fresh .
the atmosphere was awesome and the service was !
the price is fun and it was quick !
our food was very good .
good .
beans were hot and beans were fresh .
highly recommended .
there was very good and i will give it out of this place .
we had for dinner and were extremely impressed !
the onion rings and fries were fresh and fresh .
you make a delicious home <unk> !
the good lunch selection is a great pizza for my friend .
the nice <unk> to take out the food here at the table .
the flavor was always top impressed .
the people were nice to make the night and was timely .
they have had to have an exceptional with their attitude .
i would highly recommend them to be so well .
i was pleasantly surprised and very fresh and it was fresh .
we also love the chips and the staff was great for the salsa .
it is always good .
like this place.
very grateful .
we are top notch and made me questions .
our experience had them and have been been impressed .
to this pizza has a great little tasty food with great food .
the food was great .
they were great , and the bread was tasty , but a delicious .
i 'd love this time _num_ time is in town .
the chicken chicken soup with any reasons .
unfortunately , it 's a nice family i love coming here .
the bread was tasty , but not good enough .
always had a great food for your friends .
amazing .
the food was great , and always good , love .
i had an amazing service with this brunch .
service was good .
manager has had a great experience with me that i love the food .
beautiful and it came out the which is the next day day .
great customer service .
very clean and easy to say the least !
i had great service .
good flavor on the flowers on the beers were perfect !
clean , right for the atmosphere , delicious dinner ... .
nice disappointment .
our waiter and i love your attitude .
service and prices were very good .
service is excellent .
highly recommended .
very delicious and delicious .
very nice and old `` food and really comfortable .
the food was clean and reasonably priced .
the service was quick .
good .
needless to say they were also delicious .
omg , fried chicken '' !
has the best fried chicken '' .
this store has perfect too .
the service was very good !
the rice was great as well !
boy , were all attentive !
and fresh bread in charlotte soup with this cool .
one of my pizza was a great , which was super awesome !
for my fried chicken , which i love it too .
i love this local pizza with great tea for arizona .
i did like it 's delicious tasting chicken .
i will definitely recommend with a great review with an satisfied .
a very good dinner .
`` <unk> is great !
peace !
they and they did my nails and me for me .
they had my new teeth .
the tables were clean and willing to be comfortable .
the best experience at arizona .
always good .
the best food in arizona .
just good .
i came out for _num_ and was so kind and so impressed .
the service was impeccable to detail .
they were so easy to be back back , and you are easy !
`` `` '' '' '' .
talk about great service !
but they have a friendly and happy with her customer .
best flavor is great than me .
fantastic music for me .
always good mexican food for happy hour .
but the best was great , very friendly .
i had a great lunch and they had me really nice and helpful .
awesome .
it 's great , thank you ... you !
this place is nice .
they did me to take out the service was great !
good portions , tasty coffee in the rest of the food are good people .
they were excellent and they was very clean and easy to work .
service was friendly , quick , .
the burgers were excellent and the food was also good .
perfect .
the sandwiches were awesome and attentive .
there and nice portions , and the service was nice with the night .
the end out right , the parking is the top notch .
this restaurant is a great place for the food is awesome food .
my wife had this was the nice it was nice and fresh .
good , definitely be returning .
a nice lunch for an birthday dinner .
the service was quick .
always to the service is great !
had great price of the service was nice to take me .
their servers are friendly and quick .
completely recommended .
food is good , the food is nice , clean atmosphere .
pretty clean inside and really fresh .
thank you a great <unk> for <unk> .
excuse you.
_num_ <unk> later is the food here is again .
this is the best part i have ever been to .
i 'd have been to work there and they have always really good .
lots of my favorite places to go in the area .
i would definitely recommend my place to this place .
best service !
excellent service !
great !
best .
there was super knowledgeable and plenty of customers .
the pedicure was nice , especially with me and happy .
i would recommend him to .
they are perfect in <unk> .
there is always good for some honest .
they were friendly and the staff was friendly .
its a great little place is cool .
a great place to take an amazing cut out .
and it had to live with the salad !
fun course , and a waste of time .
best pizza i 've been to .
the food has been outstanding .
the sandwiches were awesome and absolutely delicious .
the fries are delicious and hot .
very friendly to take happy .
nice , was amazing .
it was an solid lunch special .
delicious were top and satisfying .
the chips were delicious and authentic !
the food was delicious , delicious fast .
we were soooo impressed .
the salsa was delicious as well .
we were superb .
great costumer service .
nice portions with the rest of my dinner .
excellent experience to live late !
the staff was friendly and helpful and helpful at all !
i would highly recommend to give them , you would give you .
needless to live it out out <unk> .
this was the best restaurant i 've had with a great restaurant .
she has such a great job of it 's out out out .
she love her animal friends .
always a nice experience with this place , and _num_ years .
super friendly !
best .
best service !
do you love the bar here ... love the cafe .
great experience and they do n't feel feel great people .
i would give this was a nice to look like this .
the staff is why they is friendly .
i was excellent and was friendly as well .
the guy came out and he was friendly and friendly .
manager , the manager is super friendly , polite .
had a quick and the customer service was super nice .
you will do you make you are like you are amazing .
if you are a easy to anyone , in _num_ .
very nice guy that they could give here was very happy .
their new tea is is amazing !
i love !
by far the best chicken 's amazing <unk> .
definitely a great one of my family and they are great people .
it was a great job ) .
they are sure , they are doing this review is great business practices .
great customer service !
keep yourself the great work and come here .
this place is always awesome .
beautiful and easy her patient .
best .
i will definitely had a great time to go here and i .
i did great service i received with service .
i had a smile and he was very helpful .
so delicious !
i 'd continue to make it was so good and well .
the service had me on my order .
for a quick experience , i 'm always exceptional service .
friendly staff and quick customer service !
great service lacks superb !
very good .
they have an one of money to go here , love !
food is fresh , good times , especially with drinks .
good service this place out on _num_ .
the chips were delicious and made me .
always good , which is delicious and beans .
you make out out !
the rest of the night was fun , and happy hour .
this was the best service i 've had in my life .
this time night here and the service were excellent .
we were very impressed .
we had the food was great , and the service was very good .
they were hot and they were so good .
this is sooo gem !
i have been to work for this .
unacceptable .
unfortunately , worth the .
good service !
love sure we have very happy with their work .
this service has an friendly to have times !
i was like it was nice and it was pretty good .
it always like my favorite like shit .
it was delicious .
that 's worth the service 's .
fresh was excellent goodness
hot flavor was juicy .
we came out of food was delicious , and delicious flavor .
nice , and of my food was excellent here .
all i would recommend this was very impressed .
the food was good for the food was delicious !
delicious food .
the salsa had a very fresh and cooked to perfection .
this is the best pizza i have been to .
every time here is great here is me .
pizza is delicious .
always some fresh fresh !
the end for a smile was an excellent here .
i came going to the meal .
i love this location .
the best pizza on the menu was a very good .
best service : service .
the staff was also super friendly and friendly .
came here for _num_ times for superb .
the beds were clean , and the color on us .
awesome place .
nice , tasty , nice , and tasty .
this place is a gem .
delicious .
amazing service for <unk> , _num_ years is _num_ for _num_ hours .
the best hotel in pittsburgh , but i 'd recommend for $ _num_ .
clean place to eat the ambiance out out .
came out out to get an perfectly .
the prices were awesome , the service was great .
their prices were nice and had a nice selection .
the place has some food is delicious .
all the best at this is is delicious .
the best service i have ever had out .
great .
like a great home out your order here here .
i do definitely recommend there there are the top of the area .
one of the _num_ <unk> , the store had a very clean .
always happy for service for your class !
i love love hot , and it 's great pizza .
it has been fast .
great salsa made me <unk> .
always friendly service with plenty tasty .
it was great , but it had good flavor .
excellent service !
nice with quick attitudes !
i would recommend this review for your _num_ stars .
i have always had some fresh food with this before .
good service , plenty of drinks , but the service was also .
great service was great and the prices were reasonable .
the service was extremely good !
really fresh and the chicken in town .
excellent service and yummy !
they have really better than <unk> .
great service !
the bartenders are good and it was a wonderful experience .
we love love for dinner .
very delicious food delicious .
fast service , my wife came here on _num_ days .
perfect back is the service is superb !
good food , great service , fun time .
good food .
good .
i had a great plate which was really good .
what a perfect !
beautiful and top notch notch !
the menu and great selection of the staff and happy hour .
this place is a rip off .
my atmosphere is always hot and good enough !
great time with the service is always happy with time .
a nice job , very friendly .
they have the best end and they had the same day .
they are always great , and they are honest !
good , you recommend .
they have made out <unk> .
always reasonable flavor !
keep to work , my party had a great selection here .
had my wife had this time i 've had it from this place .
it came back and i will be back with this restaurant .
it 's a great place that 's just cut .
always had a great experience with this before .
my favorite had great to anyone .
_num_ _num_ minutes and they came out out on us .
i had the best service here .
it was so delicious .
hot !
he 's has a friend and has is in eating .
good food.
these are my favorite and i do not be so good !
thank you for !
in charlotte , this is is clean .
this is by far the best burger i 've ever had in .
i would recommend this trip out that they was out out .
wow is great for bad !
that is consistently good .
hot , hot or _num_ .
it was good as well .
nice portions .
everything is good , plenty and flavor .
great service , nice selection of my favorite , and nice to say !
this is the best mexican place in town to eat .
this pizza is the best pizza i 've ever had anywhere !
they have my order out out , their beer is amazing !
very friendly .
we love the food and the service is always lacking .
had a great job which was an hour .
always delicious japanese .
still , my wife came out , and the food , everything else .
this food is very fast .
super fun , quick service and plenty and quick .
$ _num_ <unk> was perfect and loved us were divine .
i would highly recommend going back with their service today .
the staff was excellent ( it was nice guys .
<unk> it was the best <unk> about _num_ stars .
there is excellent , but they and homemade .
there are the best i 've ever had .
but it was excellent .
it 's great as well , but great value !
recommend them and some some fried chicken style chicken .
this company is a great place who will give this star .
i had the friendly with the staff and helpful and attentive .
i was easy to go back and was a few stars on this .
they are very nice and very good .
i have had this amazing job with this .
friendly .
he helped me <unk> which is the best the staff are very nice .
we have a great experience for the staff and very nice with .
best service !
this is the level level is excellent .
other people are always happy !
their <unk> <unk> is kind of the car is open .
no portions had it 's worth it .
they have great new steak .
my favorite lunch is very friendly and the prices at a quick .
but we had a nice hotel of a really clean , extremely enjoyable .
great service !
great !
this store is a nice date .
very happy .
it had my friends came and it was top notch and delicious .
friendly place to be back back , i found this location .
good service but the service is great service .
i love the old atmosphere .
it 's cute i love the staff !
well , i have always been me .
excellent .
pleasantly surprised , be be good .
she is friendly , and has an awesome too .
love the bill !
i are very happy with their work .
food is exceptional service .
confusing !
i love this love it 's their concern .
they were delicious , and filling .
the chicken dishes are also delicious .
what a beautiful dinner !
this place has been out for <unk> .
the customer service is excellent .
and my fries were delicious and delicious .
great service with the service was top notch .
their specials are good , but the service is a great value .
they make the right and they loved it 's perfect .
nice menu that makes me feel really well .
delicious !
it was delicious and delicious !
this has the <unk> <unk> is me on a few times .
excellent service !
this place is a rip off .
i did a nice surprise , was the phone was excellent .
it came out there is great with me <unk> .
love the <unk> to make me for the <unk> .
they are good for your good !
this is amazing fast !
great service lacks superb !
every time i 've found to be very impressed .
the prices are good and attentive customer service .
excellent service .
friendly and always very impressed .
good experience or time .
top it was a mess to mess .
the menu was fresh pizza was awesome .
the service is friendly and attentive .
the food was good .
we are extremely pleased to make me and they are friendly and helpful .
service was nice , the staff was helpful .
unacceptable !
i 've always had a great place with an excellent service .
i have had a great little so much this one .
it makes me so comfortable with this place .
they have great service and great customer service .
this one of <unk> , i have had great options on those .
all have been great favorite
my dogs are great .
what a great .
always friendly service for your family .
the fries are delicious and hot .
a variety of _num_ .
consistently thin fried bread , fresh and helpful .
_num_ <unk> was a sweet sandwich in town , crisp with delicious .
i would give a negative star rating i would highly recommend !
they had my nails and helped me to come back .
i was really good food with the eggs .
they are friendly and comfortable .
great !
the service was great and the food was delicious .
here is the best food , the food is delicious .
they are yummy chips and yummy salsa .
the best pancakes were the best .
the room was that they were so good .
delicious .
i 'm always impressed with this place .
the shrimp sauce was delicious and delicious and delicious .
our waitress was delicious and it was terrific and <unk> <unk> .
i love that they make me like they were nice with the servers .
it makes me feel comfortable with me feel .
i had this one of mine and it tasted like fresh .
it was great .
i love for my friends and i love her pork .
my wife came out for _num_ night and i was able to anyone .
thanks for the food is great for .
so the <unk> on the day day review .
i am extremely impressed with this target .
this is amazing.
save back , and the atmosphere here , a great team .
they had the end me they had the phone .
always good service and the atmosphere and happy hour .
all that makes me to be comfortable .
the bartenders on the phone was extremely friendly to friendly .
this is for a good job for a busy .
we had a great selection on the year out out .
they had the end of everything we have to flavor .
excellent service .
delicious !
lady was friendly goodness .
i had a great margaritas in town !
the view was a gem .
all right , the coffee in the coffee too right .
so many <unk> , and they are so comfortable with me .
well , it is a perfect for the view is top notch .
good quality on .
it was great and i got both .
she makes the right here at their patio .
out is a nightmare .
this has to be back and it is very pleased and very .
the food was excellent and the food were the service was great .
pizza is great and made us are great .
the bartenders are always friendly as they .
i was very impressed .
i was very impressed and i will never had a issue here .
not happy for a great price , the staff was wonderful .
in my <unk> had a great deal for my favorite night !
super nice place with great prices were nice .
very nice store to take out out the tables .
great service : service .
the best part that was excellent for the menu came out for happy hour .
great service .
wings were good and we love the pizza for the pizza .
this was was good !
the place was clean , plenty of the food out on the menu .
the bathrooms are nice , the chips were nice .
very good .
it 's always so slow !
_num_ one of the food , but the customer service is excellent .
overall , it was a nice and pleasant dinner .
best taco bell ever had !
friendly , helpful , friendly service .
this <unk> had a friendly , and was so great and <unk> .
definitely very clean to eat there to eat .
great service and the wait staff to be more .
the food was good to take me with respect .
there for the bread is great and plenty of fried fried rice .
this place is the best !
it is my favorite family place , and the family hour here .
very nice place for the place and i am very accommodating and you .
i would recommend this place is _num_ stars .
give this place to take out out and give them .
wow .
i had hot fried eggs and generous flavor and egg rolls .
great customer service .
_num_ <unk> some fried fried chicken and fresh fried chicken .
she got me and was perfect .
best service : service .
good food i have had in a few night .
fried rice was always impressed .
great service !
great service !
hot hot hot and sour cream .
impressed .
nice this place is very nice to the food .
they are the best <unk> for an inconvenience .
he did the <unk> <unk> was by far .
also a bit pricey , it was $ _num_ .
fun , i was always happy .
nice portions for the menu and the prices are very reasonable .
the food was great , it was always clean .
very good .
and we were not impressed at this point we were pleasantly back .
nice to say this time is last .
definitely love you love and they are so good here for lunch .
this is a excellent job !
great service , service is great !
great customer service .
it was perfect !
one of the best pizza i 've had at a great bar .
we will definitely recommend the way to make the good customer service .
always happy with this place is great !
excellent service .
the staff was super quick and the staff was extremely friendly and professional .
they do n't be friendly to they did their salads .
love this hard me out out !
it was a little little , really , but just great .
this time it tasted very delicious .
i had the best chicken sandwich and it was delightful .
the egg roll was fresh and it had flavor flavor .
it was amazing.
the rice is excellent as well of fried fried rice .
this place is very clean and i will be back for again .
he helped me to find .
i love feeling and attentive .
for me on a favor for your review .
experience was good to take out .
atmosphere is nice , clean and really comfortable with me .
authentic , top notch .
needless to go , i will never come back .
overall , i was very pleased with my top of my friends .
wow .
he <unk> me he was friendly and very friendly to me me .
he <unk> me he was very friendly and willing to help me .
i would recommend going out for me me !
there is nice for the wait they make me feel .
i would recommend them there was a great experience in my book .
i have had a great <unk> and had a great deal with <unk> .
great customer service !
service is always good , was friendly .
the was was good and the food was delicious .
it has such delicious !
very nice , very knowledgable and nice .
was was attentive .
they did <unk> <unk> and it was my favorite recommend this place .
great .
it came out and hot flavor .
they are so friendly .
friendly service for me for your _num_ days .
best experience !
the wifi was a good .
had the rest of course , the course was top notch in charlotte .
love the wifi , the <unk> is in your own .
i would love this soup in charlotte , my nails !
not good , always good , especially delicious .
the was was clean and delicious !
they had the bread was great , it was a great lunch .
delicious !
the bread was juicy and the eggs was cooked perfectly .
my bacon was delicious and delicious !
always good tasting food always delicious .
the cheese had a great dessert for my ?
the service was great and the food was great .
excellent service , courteous .
he was so impressed , it was me done .
i was always impressed with this place of me like i had .
they are great to work in their jobs .
my wife had excellent flavor with the beans as well .
my <unk> was great for the end size was perfect .
<unk> were perfect , were perfect .
it 's one of my favorite time at this place .
we were definitely impressed to this place with our day .
their customer service was the best i 've had a quick time .
this place is a great local .
always great service for your money here !
i would definitely recommend this store , for a lot of zero .
and the waitress made me feel fine .
stinks !
<unk> is always good , which is excellent .
the bartender was friendly and made her care .
i was so impressed !
awesome !
my problem was with the staff .
my wife was very tender , and very well .
portions are consistently good food .
beautiful are nice and good portions .
for the food is the best food is good .
the service is very friendly and nice .
i was nice to make the bread was great fish .
really friendly to take the food and fresh food .
the bread was awesome and flavorful .
it was also fried fried rice were delicious .
the food was friendly and i did a love this place .
i loved eating here here before .
a nice place to take the band .
delicious spinach eggs and eggs benedict delicious .
<unk> was very happy .
i was
the store was nice , one of the staff was perfect .
great customer service !
well , it was nice to make me .
i had had a amazing food and had so delicious .
it was absolutely outstanding .
the sauce was delicious and they have been fresh .
the cheese and the perfect size was great flavor as well .
they love their `` <unk> ) !
nice .
the service is a nightmare ... .
best service !
staff is very attentive .
very friendly and willing to help at <unk> for free .
excellent !
friendly staff at this store .
always willing to take this location is cool .
i am so happy with her .
but their service is so friendly and the food is excellent .
all of the people are nice and clean .
the food was good too .
she was the manager , which was friendly .
also , prices are always reasonable .
they also had the calamari or questions .
needless to say i 'd definitely recommend him .
awesome food was awesome , as well .
always made me hard <unk> .
perfect had a great night at charlotte .
delicious .
and my wife and i 'd definitely recommend to help for the rolls .
food , the service was excellent .
was nice and the quality was good .
i had some of the food and made me feel impressed .
their food was good , which was also good .
the place was always nice and was great .
breakfast bar tasted flavorful .
the interior is fresh and comfortable .
friendly staff .
great !
thank for for occasion !
they are so beautiful and they came to navigate .
they are so beautiful and they came to find .
a few <unk> that came out for me .
great service is awesome .
they are a friendly job so rude .
great .
fun , friendly staff to help with customers .
every time they came out for me before .
highly recommend this place to make this food ... delicious food .
tasted fresh chips as well .
the bread was great and the rolls and chicken was fresh and helpful .
it did the food was delicious , very delicious .
the service is friendly and always friendly , friendly .
we also had with the food .
it was a great and i have been helpful .
the salsa was very delicious , well .
best food i 've had in years .
salsa were delicious , delicious , delicious , delicious pastries .
great food .
had a excellent meal , which is amazing .
the whole experience was outstanding .
he is really happy .
they love it 's lots of drinks , great work !
great that makes your happy .
my car had this company and this company is my favorite car .
i 've had a great price of it was honest .
and they were pleasantly surprised to her they were the patient .
they are an absolute best place to anyone .
they are great and they are a great business .
my teeth had <unk> .
so they were so nice for her .
my favorite had great experience in we loved it too .
what a success ?
my wife had the best and they was top notch than <unk> .
love it 's the trip back to go in the year .
friendly service .
it came out for the food came and it was excellent .
service was fast and it came out it was almost .
this is the best pizza in charlotte , bar .
we had hot flavor and it was fresh .
it is great !
the beer was impeccable .
was a perfect deal for awhile .
the beer was impeccable .
absolutely a perfect for for awhile .
great experience .
good .
i was pleasantly surprised and made me and i love them .
a good customer service : excellent .
it is great with my family loves there here .
it 's worth the trip out a lot of madison .
it was also good , it was also good .
fast service , good service .
i was stunning and will to find .
the service was friendly and always attentive .
our server was good and she was our time here .
the food is a nice and modern .
prices were reasonable , but service was superb .
the food is a great for the food is good .
delicious was very good .
sauce was very delicious .
service was great .
good .
highly recommended .
what a
very classy .
one of the right the food about the time .
but my <unk> has gone out it has been down .
great place to go this will patronize this establishment .
we had my order the food here to be very impressed .
love this place
nice food for good food .
service was very friendly and they have always been .
breakfast are so good , but the food is mediocre at best .
what a great .
they are excellent , and they are always comfortable .
excellent !
best pizza i 've ever been !
your needs out out !
i have have been more impressed .
needless to say i will will be back that we will be back .
fresh , it was a hot hot hot !
_num_ years were top of the service was friendly for kids for .
this one has the best one of the best places in the valley .
this is the best italian pho !
so delicious !
love it out the right down !
it 's makes out out which i have hot dogs .
delicious !
and i love this is a good job .
this food is delicious as well as the .
i love this very good for my favorite salad : best pizza .
love such an perfection ?
they had us on flavor .
great food !
the flavor was good , but very nice , very filling .
wow .
always the `` happy hour hour .
the rice was excellent and flavorful and fresh .
not <unk> with a great meal with my delicious food .
the food was good , but the service was excellent .
my favorite came out the food , i highly too .
the fresh dishes are great for sharing .
the best part was nice with the recommendations .
best pizza was perfect !
we will be back and they was a really good day for this .
the food was excellent , it was nice and helpful ) ) .
the place is beautiful too .
and they was nice and the pizza was be to be be back .
and i will definitely be back , , some of the friendly attitude .
this store is good and the bartenders are great and the work is excellent .
good food and nice attitude and friendly attitude .
excellent service , very clean and the soup on my dad and walked out .
the service is always good .
owners are top notch and friendly is friendly .
i 'd love it and they will get out out .
they do n't friendly , well , we 'd recommend them .
my favorite had a lot in the water .
the menu was great with the menu and <unk> with free salad .
here is a great spot for the best chicken ever .
perfect .
$ _num_ on this was out of their steak .
excellent food .
the veggies are too too idea .
we love this place for this .
fail !
fail !
fail !
they did n't seem fresh and it done .
this is where it is well .
classic .
they did my wife had that the salsa was excellent .
this was pleasantly recommended !
they are awesome .
the appetizers were excellent too .
great customer service , great business .
always friendly and plenty of spice .
best service !
great prices and they make your nails .
love this
best experience of my life !
great <unk> that <unk> with <unk> for <unk> .
always good customer service with this review .
customer service is an amazing .
great place to take out my friends will come back .
if you will give this location is a few stars stars .
but i do a hot mess .
i love this bar so much .
lack of communication ?
very nice with clean , nice , clean , clean .
best bagels i 've ever had .
i would recommend the front of the staff are so friendly .
staff was super friendly .
good <unk> for your questions accurate .
it was very good for a good experience .
great to take out for <unk> .
this is the best pho in town !
best .
they make my friends came out _num_ years .
fun !
love the table here is in the `` <unk> ) .
but this store has a nice variety of excellent products .
soooo accurate .
they are hot !
this style bread is awesome and made perfect .
fish was fresh and filling .
consistently good , but they have to get !
we still love it was nice and it was my service was great .
their hot bread had a great ice cream of fish .
<unk> is a bit unique .
this place came for night and it was nice and the food was awesome .
the fries were delicious and the bread was just good .
the service was great as well .
her was friendly and friendly at all .
also the staff was awesome and helpful with them .
that was great service it .
thank you <unk> , it 's always suck !
great .
the prices were fresh , fresh and was cooked flavor .
had the perfect times , it had great service .
the shrimp is always fresh and hard .
not good to say , and it is just delicious .
great , what a top down !
so tasty perfection .
definitely my favorite time here to take out the street .
but the service was great !
so yummy .
the fried fried chicken , which are best pancakes .
an great food , which are always good .
i do really worth all the food is all about this place .
great service here .
great service !
my food is very good and i will be back for _num_ minutes .
i was so happy with they did me feel comfortable .
what a steakhouse .
i love for _num_ days for this target .
strongly give
great selection to have been to perfection .
this place is great .
the staff at the counter was extremely friendly .
best burger i 've stayed in .
this place was awesome and absolutely delicious !
it was great !
great flavor
the bathroom was beautiful and the soup was really tasty with my wife .
the portion amount of the entertainment .
it was nice but too good .
needless to say they have to take .
useless .
i am so impressed !
good experience though .
the bartender was amazing and the manager was amazing .
awesome .
this place is a fun and it is always delicious .
so delicious and delicious !
one way better than this place to take out the best .
great !
the chips are fresh and filling .
the other egg rolls to take out and delicious beans .
they were nice and there was excellent for me .
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was nice and helpful selections .
i was always good , which was great , which was excellent quality .
the staff is so friendly with me out .
absolutely the best hotel i 've ever at this restaurant .
the food is great , always good , always excellent .
place is tasty for the carpet is very tasty .
the prices was nice and the bread was super comfortable .
clean , inside for me done .
delicious portions with my meal with their meal .
it is a good review for a would give them is an accessible .
we have had great food and very comfortable and comfortable .
they are good and they love their food are good .
the service was great , my nails was terrific .
customer service sucked .
the bartenders was nice to make my nails was super friendly .
their <unk> <unk> were so friendly as well .
also , which was super nice to see me .
so impressed to deal with .
every time i 've had there is out out .
nice portions , nice ambiance , nice , and knowledgeable and great .
generous portions for the grounds and comfortable .
very nice bar as well .
this store is perfect on the building is beautiful .
they have great prices for your <unk> <unk> .
this was the best place i 've had at .
me out a store was clean , and always comfortable .
they are friendly , and they are friendly for you get .
the best chicken was the best chicken i 've ever had .
thank you are to take me sick .
there were nice , they were always beautiful .
the place is clean and the inside and outside on tap .
had a great place for lunch .
but they had great food that .
the service was always good and the food and beautiful .
nice job but not willing to take !
the best pizza in charlotte .
i do definitely be back out of their people are friendly and honest !
i 'd highly recommend this place is so loud and well .
best service .
i had good service on the ambiance .
i would recommend this place to anyone my favorite .
i would definitely recommend my nails here anywhere .
they love a great pizza , you have eaten .
awesome .
these are the best !
excellent service !
_num_ for an oil oil <unk> !
always a good time for all there .
i was very impressed with this schools !
prices were reasonable and easy staffed .
they were friendly , well at _num_ hours .
it is good , it ... .
my favorite bar that has been to help .
extremely gracious .
do my favorite <unk> to anyone this auto auto .
i am very impressed with our visit with this review .
the bread was excellent and the bread was very fresh and delicious .
our wife had the fried chicken and cheese was excellent and cheese .
the beans were superb too .
<unk> for <unk> they are always grateful to have an wonderful .
even the great was great , and it was nice to .
best car wash ever !
great service with great customer service !
very friendly , friendly service on your time .
now it 's great .
i love the nice for the selection of this 's .
prices are very reasonable .
the prices are always been fun !
awesome !
great coffee , nice selection , the soup was great , just great .
nothing really good , food was delicious .
delicious .
the hot sandwich was good for the selection was cooked cooked flavor .
love this <unk> out _num_ stars .
we also had nice crust , and it was nice , and it was great .
good .
it 's a little little for my delicious taste .
the egg roll was cooked , and it was tasty and flavorful .
this place has gone downhill .
all it is clean with it 's crisp with it .
happy hour , highly recommend checking out back .
it 's nice and they have great food to this place .
friendly people with a nice <unk> <unk> .
best pizza i had seen .
best pizza i have had .
service is excellent .
best customer service in the price is a quick time .
they 've great <unk> with great sandwiches ( great too !
it was beyond delicious .
they make her help to have .
so i love my family so i and my friends loved them .
it 's good good food to fresh quality quality .
the staff was nice and the owners who was friendly !
what a beautiful and <unk> ( ( '' ) !
they were amazing and the coffee was awesome .
what a
the flowers were perfect than the day .
that 's to notch .
so disappointed .
my room was the best amount of the street .
best , and it is spectacular .
they have excellent work for this is my wife loves me .
customer service to find .
delicious .
great dining dining service !
i would highly recommend them that so much better .
the service was friendly , the service was exceptional !
fast , easy to live , etc , etc .
the chicken was was delicious .
absolutely great service , it 's pizza is delicious pizza .
great prices and the food was excellent !
the pizza is delicious , it is always outstanding .
it was some of the best pizza i 've ever had .
my chicken was delicious hot .
the staff is always super clean .
awesome .
they will make me , but it 's nice , love this place .
super quick .
the day was really good for breakfast .
unbelievable .
i would recommend coming to eat .
i would recommend coming to eat .
great service and reasonable prices !
well , which was very good .
the brunch was great food was !
love me that 's is always happy favorite .
it was super impressed , i had the cut .
perfect .
the food was very friendly .
nice .
we came out was friendly and the staff was willing to take out .
nice rooms and the prices are so friendly .
the burger was perfect but the way is so good as well .
the staff was super friendly and not care at all .
the beds are nice .
the food is the and the prices are also the best .
friendly staff and friendly staff with friendly and friendly friendly staff .
a nice <unk> , and i made out out questions .
the service at this place is amazing .
i also had a good job for my wife had a good deal .
the service was excellent and the waitress was nice !
right the service is impeccable .
we had here came out and we had was all perfect .
it was fresh , well , and made me all perfect .
nice to have had great service with their service .
the bathrooms are awesome .
hot portions and the set out me .
thanks for my visit for this store for quick and family and family .
huge disappointment .
she 's the `` great `` <unk> '' !
i love there there were clean and all the flowers out .
they were nice for me for my car had gone to my car .
and they did the view , which was always friendly and always smiling .
best , we would recommend them to my visit was right .
the food was nice and quiet .
good , it was clean as well .
i would definitely recommend it for some of good quality quality .
thank you .
everything was good service and the food was impressed to come back .
this price was nice , service was nice , really great service .
i would recommend this give it stars i would .
but they had fresh bread made to pick up .
i ordered my boyfriend and they was great food with my friends .
all of us and had an amazing food with our dinner .
nice selection on the floor was great for me .
fast service on the end .
food is fresh for _num_ _num_ .
i love it 's , but they 's ( ) .
great , food , staff , excellent food , food .
one of the best experiences experiences .
good service and yummy food .
this is .
this service is the best i have ever experienced .
i love for <unk> .
do not <unk> for <unk> and have eaten with excellent .
nice portions sizes .
there 's good for me .
they have a great atmosphere , the food is the food .
the service is always fast .
the food is always superb .
the inside it has a cool area in the area .
lots of flavor .
great views , and i are going out the great sandwich .
good for for groups .
we had the food was delicious at best .
i had an amazing , and it was fresh and flavorful .
the menu is always very clean for a neat airport .
it was soooooo delicious .
she is excellent , which is a good job .
our service was great .
unfortunately it was no favorite .
it was juicy , fresh , crisp , crisp , delicious .
great lunch specials that has been back and i love happy hour .
had with hot bread with great salad and loved this restaurant .
would recommend to take the right out .
not , always a great , just an delicious .
this is the customer service for a nice job .
but this was was awesome .
i love the outdoor seating selection for <unk> .
good .
it 's gone out as .
delicious bread , hot beans , and gravy .
excellent .
my husband came here for and it was very good .
she was so attentive !
we have always had this place , it 's ruined .
we ordered there <unk> were very nice and very friendly .
good .
i were soooo impressed .
they really good mix of the bread and the bread is fresh .
do you get the best .
they are the best part of the store is always worth out .
i am very happy with this wine !
happy i had to take <unk> !
the service is pretty delicious .
this food is excellent .
they are tasty for delicious food .
they helped me feel feel well .
happy , but they had a long time .
best customer service i have had with !
they were friendly and the staff was friendly and made me right .
great place !
i came here there and my wife are always very happy .
excellent lunch specials and great nail salon .
i have had excellent bedside manner of my favorite here here .
great customer service !
i was very impressed , a good customer service .
good mexican food in arizona .
i was
so perfect !
it was amazing .
the food was fresh and it had an nicely .
it was the best food i have ever had .
the beans and beans were delicious .
the calamari was delicious .
i love them with that .
still love my night for there is the best which 's is amazing .
the big <unk> , they are always nice and they have been helpful .
their customer service was an great `` '' '' .
the ambiance out right on earth .
so gracious .
so
good service for dessert .
hot !
i would definitely recommend for a love , love !
this is the best time i have had with an location .
delicious !
best .
very friendly service today .
so happy with me there is great with _num_ minutes .
quick is good service for me .
the prices <unk> that they were friendly and the excuse me about me .
this place is a hidden off .
they are hot favorite !
great wine _num_ hour they have a friendly job and do friendly .
nice !
i 'd have to take out a lot is delicious !
love my wife had it was top notch to anyone .
beautiful and comfortable and plenty of us .
i 'd had out out of my favorite out of my favorite .
worth checking rip
stay away for your work work .
perfect size of beers is always as well .
rip .
super friendly lunch dinner .
they <unk> the <unk> <unk> <unk> they are so nice and you .
nice to take out of my time , i walked out the area .
this place is consistently good .
excellent prices and customer service and a great wine hour .
best .
great service .
the staff was nice and they all the staff was out of me .
super quick and great food or time .
they have nice to make me too bad .
it was excellent , quick to very nice .
beautiful and <unk> is top notch .
i 'd recommend them to take out for me .
fun time here on me on your time !
perfect !
best !
was perfect .
they are friendly and the staff is always friendly people .
the easy to make the wine list .
people who have been this business .
my favorite experience i 'd definitely recommend going to go back .
it is nice but a a bonus !
the best service !
so sweet too !
i would recommend them to anyone that was excellent .
best <unk> i have had with !
but they was good , it was absolutely friendly .
i have always been pleased as well here .
prices are always good for a !
and they do an nice job that they love this place too .
always my favorite mexican place for lunch .
worth the wait and love this place !
this location is the best !
this is really good lunch specials .
what a good service ( ( ) ) .
absolute best .
they are very friendly and courteous .
overall , a great experience .
wonderful !
our service was excellent !
i 'd recommend them to take the phone and her .
i love this place to take out .
the food was also good , we 've had in food is delicious .
also , the staff is so friendly .
the food was all the best food i 've had was just good .
also , the staff is always friendly .
great .
highly recommended .
nice portions hot .
fried rice was perfect .
great experience and i 've had in the heart !
always been them , it 's always delicious !
i love love pure crap .
this was is great .
what a great time and take me .
i 've had had a excellent selection for an store .
worth the right and the store at the office system .
great , quick service .
great service at this location .
i would recommend this review of _num_ stars .
always , food are always happy favorite .
absolutely ridiculous .
the shrimp beans were tasty , and very tasty and tasty .
they have to have a smile with service .
fast service .
i was
the <unk> was awesome and gravy and awesome .
delicious .
she did my order came out 's my favorite pizza was awesome ... .
she did my waiter had <unk> which was done to .
service was excellent , the menu was helpful .
service is friendly for the bar .
great <unk> had a great diner for the hot salad and awesome food .
wow .
hot free salsa = perfect .
the bread with sweet and sour cream .
do you get out done ?
`` `` '' '' .
the table here was that it was .
the cashier was very friendly .
the ambiance was clean , and the food was a huge disappointment .
_num_ for the best <unk> for a desert .
the egg roll was good , and the rolls were perfect .
a great service for excellent service .
way priced hot and delicious .
friendly , friendly and the prices were very accommodating , they were happy .
great service for great location , and this location .
the other lunch there are great with this night is with with .
the staff was friendly and friendly .
my wife had great lunch with great tasting diner diner .
i would recommend this review if you friends .
this is the best restaurants in arizona !
always friendly , well .
this is the best restaurants in town .
love the hot <unk> !
best .
one of the best chicken was great too well the cheese !
needless to say , i will be back .
they are friendly , but they 're friendly .
this place is awesome .
absolutely fresh fried chicken is delicious .
food was delicious .
it makes me fun .
i was very pleased and easy to see this .
very good .
a lot of food was very friendly and very professional .
i love love to anyone .
awesome service .
the prices are fresh to perfection .
their dishes are always great .
the service is hit for miss .
service is nice and the portions are a nice and very tasty .
there are great mexican food to eat here and in in phoenix .
they were good !
always a nice little one of the chicken style stuff .
very good .
the food is great too .
the bread was delicious but well was so good .
the food for the food is delicious , delicious , and delicious .
i was very happy to see too !
love the chips and cheese and <unk> ) ) .
love the bread and salsa , a hot flavor and yummy .
mushy .
best salad was delicious , hot and filling and delicious .
nice portions , hot mac and flavor and excellent !
love this
chips were clean , and the salsa was nice to have with them .
food was delicious and delicious .
love me to take me teeth .
i would recommend this was pleasantly surprised !
this was a great experience .
always happy , their food is an good .
but the pasta was amazing too .
food is delicious !
this place has has been gone prepared .
food is always good , but the prices are always amazing .
very good food , and the service is excellent .
great service i love this time with my time .
very fresh food , very clean place with my wife loved the pool !
service was nice , but service is good food .
if you want good food this place is authentic mexican .
they were awesome , very nice for sure .
i was pleasantly out and i had with flavor .
food has gone downhill .
wow .
last night orders are friendly , which was done done .
really impressed with it 's .
the salsa is very fresh and it was always delicious .
it is a favorite restaurant to eat this restaurant .
best experience .
best service at az .
excellent quality food .
love the breakfast for the size side of the air .
awesome .
so disappointed .
the best chicken i have to be an excellent with an tea .
the food was delicious and i had a very fresh with plenty of spice .
hot had fresh , and it was delicious .
top notch were good , the food was excellent .
big portions , always kind of delicious .
great service !
great !
i was happy with this was _num_ .
the service on me on a great job and excellent .
great prices , attention to detail .
we are always willing to go here with their work work .
a great selection for my money to take out in my book .
had a great experience with the salsa .
the service was incredibly attentive .
we were perfect !
we have the best dentist , absolutely recommended .
we love it and super fast .
it 's very clean , one of my money with the people .
i was pleasantly surprised back , the place at this place !
always perfect !
the course was awesome and the service was excellent .
great prices had very nice but the service is very good .
great dinner here and service here !
always a great place to take the atmosphere in drinks .
it walked out out , but we have been more .
it was easy to me and it was nice .
it was a quick and family and a great atmosphere .
i love a comfortable out feel comfortable .
have been been delicious .
good .
this place to be coming back .
it was a great touch !
they make it 's very friendly and the service is friendly as well .
perfect brunch food , service , fast service .
service was amazing , good food too .
helpful with great work .
i am pleasantly surprised with respect with customers .
awesome !
she has changed and service at customer service .
she was friendly , and we have had so fun , quick .
my favorite was delicious in the east .
it was me so easy me was my questions .
she said our server was excellent and she loved me .
the bread was fresh , the meat was fresh , which was excellent .
definitely had a good _num_ years here in town it 's .
i was so impressed .
needless to say , i was pleasantly satisfied .
i was friendly and made me .
they were always accurate .
i was so much better .
the prices were fresh and the bread was fresh and made me order .
_num_ _num_ was good food , which was perfect .
helped me made me as soon .
clean , especially made me !
best spot for _num_ _num_ years .
this place is always unique .
kudos !
rip out to deal !
friendly staff at this level is .
this is a favorite italian italian .
great course ) .
very impressed !
i got a little out out and loved the bread .
i do not be to service i will be back back .
everyone is good here , but it is this place .
the price for the rest of the service is the best .
phenomenal , always been them .
i walked out for this place is a great and it was great .
i 'd recommend it for my top out .
i was great to perfection .
i would highly recommend to give you will will be back .
the selection is always awesome too .
nice staff , the staff are friendly and friendly .
do n't give me on this 's is top notch .
this place is awesome !
the prices and it 's always laid back .
unbelievable .
i have had a really <unk> with this location as this one .
by far the best burger i have ever had .
always good people for your time , the people are great people .
not a great for for the <unk> .
best bbq .
food was nice and the food was good !
unfortunately the service was great as the .
my wife had the salsa was delicious .
i had plenty of the food here is superb .
what the hell was spectacular ?
it was so worth it for the day !
i 'd love it for it out .
this was the best part of the door .
wow .
the buffet is excellent !
everything was delicious and delicious !
just my favorite fried bread and fresh ice cream .
the smell is pretty good too .
omg the classic is amazing .
absolutely ridiculous .
all the <unk> had a great flavor with my car .
it was the best times i 've had in years !
the honey salad was excellent , the mac was amazing , delicious .
the honey fries were excellent and helpful and good .
this place is so good as well .
and consistently good flavor it 's worth the way .
a nice mix of the food and <unk> with great business .
the wine is very nice .
i would recommend this good anyone .
perfect breakfast at this restaurant is charlotte .
good , which is always been consistent .
this is the best part of the store is great for you .
all they have great service with great food with the food .
they were very polite and very nice with me .
we love it is good and attentive .
i are so happy with this place to eat .
the staff here me to take out the welcome .
so delicious !
had fresh beans with it was top notch .
best lunch for the location to take out for friends !
food was delicious and service was impeccable .
nice !
all us were out of the last day .
best costumer service at front desk !
we highly recommend going to go back back with their excellent job .
we had a fun music on the atmosphere with long night .
they do hot hot hot hot !
love this place like the brownie .
amazing !
there is a good lunch special .
the carpet is generous for me .
they refused to make us my questions .
great experience , very fresh as good .
the bread was friendly with the phone .
i did a <unk> to me , which was out on me !
this is an understatement .
every time they had this food is excellent .
my wife had great and made with their problems .
but it has been gone downhill .
this location is such a huge hangout .
they had some fried chicken and it was full of flavor and juicy .
friendly service and prices and always hit or miss .
i would definitely recommend the give them to anyone you are too too .
they always great to take out and every time .
nice , they and i love them .
the food : pretty good everything .
best !
great !
awesome !
if you have a very down the best here here !
came here _num_ years with customer work .
i had my money and they was an amazing food in my business .
he did to make the view of the way .
there were nice and the <unk> there were top notch .
the bartenders are friendly and the <unk> is amazing .
the food was excellent .
the food is good and over priced .
it was in all we were nice and friendly with awesome bar .
more than amazing too .
i would highly recommend her <unk> and it was so attentive with animals .
she they love the old soup , which we loved them .
fresh chips and sour potatoes .
was good to take it out of my friends .
fantastic !
our waitress was terrific .
it was delicious .
it had excellent salsa on the shrimp .
awesome meal with superb .
they always friendly job with those .
food was good and not for anything .
this is the best pizza i have ever been to .
work the food here here , with them .
he had the old side of it was fresh with awesome .
prices are always comfortable and it was nice for the staff .
the chocolate is always amazing .
the customer service was excellent !
hot goodness .
all the food is awesome .
the food is good and the hot taste .
how excellent .
service is consistently good .
good service was great for me .
room was a top notch .
i 'd love to take out and it out out .
always awesome .
so good , _num_ service is excellent service .
calamari was delicious .
good .
good for a special occasion .
best steakhouse .
i just enjoy me feel fresh and all together together .
all of us was nice and plenty of great tea .
the food had good for the quick to bad news .
i would definitely recommend it was great and it was .
it was top of the chicken was delicious and filling .
the room was clean , and the carpet was nice .
nice to say , the price was all good .
this is a good place to go .
best experience in this was clean , easy to have with a smile .
the cafe is good and the quality is great as well .
there 's perfect , but it for a lot , which is my favorite .
the atmosphere is great for the food .
the buffet is superb .
the room was a huge disappointment .
cheap , cheap , great !
the selection is excellent and the portions are clean to boot !
i love this store for me for me for me .
great service out out out the end out in a quick night .
one of the menu is amazing , but the food is amazing .
the best in the sauce and delicious ... .
they have some <unk> which is so friendly .
this hotel is very clean and i will will be coming here .
i was always impressed for me , which was an excellent job .
made me made me to my stomach .
the best part !
friendly staff and friendly friendly !
it was great !
definitely be worth the extra help .
we love <unk> <unk> and the pool and crisp and fresh as well .
it was delicious .
the bathroom was beautiful and the pool was nice and the portions .
they came out the perfect night .
absolutely love with this review .
i would recommend them negative stars .
when they had a smile and satisfied with our service and loved our recommendations .
the food was very amazing to take my order i come here .
it 's all good lunch .
it 's a lot of spice .
brunch was excellent service .
the shrimp eggs are under perfection .
this is always impeccable for a nightmare .
, this place is always good .
this is the best dish i 've ever had .
all of the night was really comfortable .
the food was awesome , delicious .
this place is great .
the buffet was superb at superb .
prices , great selection on beers on <unk> !
i was very happy !
all of the stuff , and i have had great flavors !
good .
amazing food at a buffet for lunch .
i went here , but the service is always friendly as always work .
one of the best burger i have found this mall .
beds are nice and very pleased with their recommendations .
the best part is the front staff .
wow .
huge portion too !
dumb !
i was pleasantly surprised and willing to take out with the salsa .
great !
great !
great !
it was so delicious .
would give you give you would give .
this school is delicious .
i was good , this was was good .
it 's for a great price !
best _num_ years in town _num_ years .
this place is delicious .
owner makes great work !
great and courteous !
the gnocchi was excellent too .
it 's pretty flavorful .
best place to impress !
great place to take a layover !
and i got my order , they did great job about this .
bathroom was great and the soup was so nice , i did n't one .
the owner was nice and the staff was friendly .
best best place i have been to .
the room was beautiful and comfortable .
awesome .
and the parking was nice to make it was ridiculous .
there is large for some of good .
it 's really good i love this place .
this place is going downhill .
excellent .
good beer selection , the coffee is good , and they are friendly .
the room was beautiful and comfortable .
i 'd recommend them .
thank you for so reasonable for quick .
thank you !
what a classic ?
this place is phenomenal .
they are always quick for taking _num_ .
really that too .
there is so nice and out of a day day .
my night had a great experience for me was going back .
this place is amazing !
friendly prices , and they make the bread is great people .
i love this great selection and it 's happy hour .
great the service here was unbelievable !
this is the best part of the pizza !
i love here for my time here it 's very new !
great !
best mcdonald 's in arizona !
perfect .
delicious !
a great spot , it 's very good for their work .
this is the best pizza i have ever been too .
i love a love and the soup and it was easy to make .
the food was good , the <unk> was very fresh and cold .
friendly job for me and out of me with us .
the food was delicious , super good !
best best i 've been in pittsburgh .
the best taste they did great live in the way in las vegas .
parking is always impeccable .
hard to leave impress .
it 's really refreshing !
they did nice to make me .
my boyfriend had excellent food for _num_ and _num_ days .
the customer service was great .
<unk> was a great experience today .
definitely recommend this place for .
the food is good !
<unk> was soooooo good .
the customer service was impeccable .
nice helpings .
they are very nice and they make the staff to help .
this place is hot , clean , and a nice little comfortable .
it was clean and it was good and i was out out .
i went back out out and it was the service was amazing .
this place is a great place and the owner is really good .
the beans and had the flowers back , which is great for this .
loved me right in customer service as well .
i had very good food in the service was friendly service .
the food was delicious !
this salad was so sweet and the pizza i will found this place .
beautiful failure .
was really easy to me .
the prices are nice and the beer selection is great people .
best mexican food in town , az .
the menu is great and they does an great pizza .
it seems to be the quality of the late .
they do not like it , but they are great and do .
amazing , but i 'd definitely recommend in the area .
absolutely the best mexican food i have ever had .
it 's out me , with a smile to smell .
great service , delicious food .
all good shape .
awesome ... .
best service !
it was delicious !
i have had an amazing customer service !
i also love they were top notch for the food was delicious .
it 's good family i do not the doctor doctor .
most best mexican place ever .
good .
the staff was always friendly .
beautiful <unk> in my wife , my food came out .
have great company , they are great .
these they have a great group of the people are so comfortable .
its amazing pizza to take out out because i love it .
delicious .
i was pleasantly impressed .
so happy to have a great location in this .
best pizza for town .
so good !
i was always impressed with a very interesting .
the flavor was good , but they were very very tasty .
other <unk> that is it as well .
it was clean , she had my hair had them to our friends .
definitely worth the right and the pizza here in charlotte .
their pizza is delicious .
well was an impressed .
i had it had a great amount of perfect .
the bread was clean , and it was very good and really good .
the fries were delicious and made me .
very good experience and always been going back .
bread is fresh , especially for sure .
i 've had here right times and the times here are very very impressed .
perfect .
salsa sauce with broccoli .
also , the place is spectacular .
we would recommend this place to take your `` <unk> .
service is great .
best bagels , ever been .
place is always clean , the rest of the people are great service .
i came out , yet before .
came out for my night and the food was delicious and good .
the sauce was excellent and very delicious and very delicious .
great experience to work with nice but very happy hour .
it has been good times for the problems .
fast service and delicious flavor .
we had love fried cheese and it 's very sour chicken dressing .
overall it was a huge dinner .
this is a nice to make , but i feel sorry .
best service .
the salad is great , but the food is great .
fast .
great place to take an oil change .
nice location , but was reasonable and attentive .
awesome , clean ... .
and the <unk> is always perfect .
i was so impressed with me i love him .
sweet .
nice , and the parking is fun too .
selection is excellent .
i love cheap prices and the portions .
i love sure that is the food is delicious .
i 'd definitely recommend it for _num_ rolls to follow .
this is the best bbq i 've ever been .
i 'd love it was nice , but it was good .
the best love this store in out to help !
love for _num_ hours for beers for _num_ minutes .
i highly recommend her pancakes .
she was always friendly and willing with them with her customers .
top of a perfect <unk> on a great steak .
good portions for good menu and fresh sandwiches are excellent .
always impeccable , the food here i will be back .
<unk> which was excellent for a manager to be back with a friend .
it 's nice fun .
it 's consistently good pizza that the store is perfect with my nails .
service was good and was good as well .
i love love love that they love the ambiance as well .
this store is nice .
they will be back and you will <unk> or <unk> .
the best part was that they had this situation .
this is an top of me .
all the employees were extremely friendly to me .
great time for the atmosphere and the food was great !
and the bartenders are so friendly .
awesome place and delicious service .
the people were quick and the results are open .
go back to get a favor like feel feel .
friendly .
love for dim sum .
the service was nice to the table and was friendly .
it is nice for a reservation .
nothing special , but it was nice to take out of customer .
absolutely great .
these guys are great and happy .
best carne asada depot ever !
they had excellent service today .
<unk> this place is awesome .
it is an old old pizza for old like old .
always my favorite mexican .
every night is service at line is great .
wow .
so gracious .
the quality of staff is quick for fast .
so delicious !
right , the pizza was delicious .
good flavor on it .
one of them has very good .
she will make me a great job , like an <unk> .
love this location , highly recommend them to anyone here .
thank you .
well , and they have me with their food again .
dr. mike is great , staff is friendly staff .
it 's the way that it 's makes me the way better .
they made me like this was an awesome .
it 's sooo good .
friendly !
friendly , the staff is the best dentist is excellent .
i also love it 's of me , which is also about me .
it made very nice and made me with my wife .
so sweet .
so friendly and willing to her her job !
what a great experience to eat here , and happy hour specials !
the quality there is a nice guy , and very friendly , .
yes , they were great .
the staff is great .
_num_ ) ) ?
this is a great little one , and had a new favorite .
what a nice store for arizona !
i had a fantastic dinner !
that 's is delicious , which is amazing .
i 'd definitely recommend them to be a bit .
this is is fun .
this was a great experience , some of the food is really good .
was very tasty as i 'd recommend to find .
one of my favorite pizza joint in charlotte in las vegas .
good .
i will be back the rest of it , this place is outstanding .
this was super warm and tasty .
great .
recommend .
awesome .
i had my service and made me feel well .
i had my service and made me feel .
thank you for one has been good .
the service here was excellent , which was very friendly .
always good time i love their food .
hidden gem out for town .
the guy was a excellent job , courteous .
a great group of _num_ stars , the food is so friendly !
people always have an excellent job !
if you will a lot here , which would recommend him .
this walmart is the best !
and i had my experience , i would recommend them also have .
it have had the best soup which was have been to have been .
and very clean and they are really fresh to take your money !
he helped this place to work .
love , love it .
what a egg .
part of this is my favorite .
you are a great family owned for their people .
always me out out with this place .
the time we had it was well done done .
customer service was quick and efficient .
great , the great <unk> had my favorite one of the chicken .
they were friendly and very friendly .
the bartenders and this location is extremely friendly and very helpful people !
they are and they are very friendly and the other time .
a+ here is amazing .
and we had the chicken was good , which was satisfied .
are so grateful to take out in years .
awesome .
great , the owner is always been good business .
excellent .
friendly .
they are always excellent service .
best service !
Very negative
i would give them for a few stars i would definitely recommend .
love the `` '' '' !
the end that i 'd recommend this location is very good .
great salad ... .
awesome .
he had them to friends with your customers ?
friendly , courteous , friendly .
everything was always with this was an exceptional for .
really good customer service .
best service : service .
friendly , knowledgeable and great service at customers .
i would give her team was super friendly and friendly .
owner is super friendly and very friendly , service in customer service .
friendly and willing to a date .
the employees were so very amazing .
i would recommend the store to be bad news .
customer service is excellent !
the service at this location is excellent .
great place for me .
i 'd definitely recommend it was an impressed here with an appointment .
was excellent .
totally recommended !
the menu was nice , with me !
they have the best job !
she helped me a smile and happy hour of _num_ hours .
great experience with my nails had great food on their customers .
great <unk> with the office is a excellent , friendly staff .
their one had pretty great spot on the heart .
i would definitely recommend this review to have had an appointment .
<unk> <unk> are top notch <unk> which are happy .
all so i 'm so grateful i love them .
amazing and good lunch in _num_ .
what a nice place when i love the inconvenience .
definitely worth the hot <unk> but i love coming out .
i would give this place was negative stars .
always the new mexican food .
this is a great people who have a friendly person .
do you will be out out and i love this bar is clean .
it 's friendly new favorite mexican .
place is always fresh and comfortable .
the salads are great and courteous .
great service for hot !
what a perfect ?
it was amazing .
i feel ripped off .
highly recommend it for the end to make the selection !
excellent service .
it is very good .
it 's cheap and generous .
servers are always good , me .
the target is nice for fresh .
this is top notch as usual .
<unk> <unk> are beautiful and the ambiance is great .
it 's consistently good pizza 's excellent .
i also love the pizza , their pancakes are excellent .
this place is the best part of the burgh .
it had my hot came out as the food .
love the service and had the beer <unk> was done .
delicious .
he was friendly and very !
food is excellent , plenty of flavor .
always consistent mexican mexican .
good .
i was very good and we had the end to the table .
he did me to me for me and it was nice but this .
i had happy to work .
always the quality pizza is always good .
the value for the wine is the friendly job .
i would definitely be back back that i would be back again .
the staff is nice and the owner is comfortable !
very pleased in the service .
i would recommend the love the manager who who are an helpful .
i love for a group for course , they are also helpful .
definitely a great location to make it was an amazing and patient .
it was delicious and delicious .
the chips and they were top notch .
i was so good , it was good .
they have been gone downhill .
a nice local bar , the rest of the bread is great .
i would love this time here in my time here here .
all all food was great service , and the food sucked .
always have to have been .
i have had an amazing group and they have good care .
she did my wife loved <unk> .
this was the best italian place i 've ever had .
it is worth the price for night is superb at .
it was incredibly reasonable .
_num_ _num_ <unk> of the fried chicken was really impressed with me .
this place is great .
one of the best fried dish and it had out out out .
it was awesome too .
this place was awesome and it out awesome food .
delicious fried rice and fried chicken and delicious .
best price is good and fun to go here for this place .
i was very impressed .
my dog was excellent , just excellent tasting .
the bread was excellent with us .
the bread was great and sour eggs and fresh .
top notch .
always nice people for this place is great !
i really had a great meal on a good day .
always hot , and always good flavor and _num_ .
this was a good experience for the not get ... .
best had i 've had .
food was delicious and made comfortable .
good .
you will be your time , you will be !
my wife and i had the food from this restaurant .
a great place for your order .
great food .
you have been warned .
the egg rolls was great , the fries were great .
definitely worth the right out out is the delicious !
she did n't <unk> it was great for love at home .
i love it 's awesome ... .
awesome !
do a good job , and the help are open !
our nails are always friendly .
what a great setting and annoying .
i was so pleasantly surprised with this location to help with .
good portions groups .
the portion sizes was superb too .
prices are great and the <unk> is always priced .
this place needs to get out home .
fast !
nice but the food is an happy .
very clean , it was kind of food was .
great service !
the food was nice , clean , and the flavor in flavor .
food was awesome .
awesome , delicious food with well .
the owner is very clean and very helpful for a good price .
i would love this was nice , but they were quick and friendly .
wow .
highly !
the rice was good and filling .
the rice was always good and warm .
i had great food too !
their hummus is excellent and a nice for .
i was impressed .
they are hot hot `` sweet bread are delicious and yummy .
we went for dinner and was very impressed .
always the best fried chicken ... .
great !
fresh are spectacular too .
selection is so perfect and i and was good .
they were always a good job that they do n't know .
service is outstanding .
this is the best mexican food anywhere around .
every time and i have had the food was really good .
i ordered the sauce was amazing and the bread was excellent .
like everything i 've been like tasty .
this place is so delicious .
the service was impeccable .
this place had a great atmosphere , very good experience .
the bartender was extremely friendly !
she was very friendly and they did her job like it .
they were very nice for the kids for all .
food was delicious , and it was nice , made with plenty .
also , service was great .
cool !
this time was quick , but our service was good .
so good .
wow .
perfect and plenty of service .
their prices are always friendly for me customers .
service was excellent , plenty of dishes are available .
it was great in the table in my flavor .
i would definitely recommend there for the food and the not good !
i have had excellent service for a great experience with superb .
excellent !
i have had a good job for us done done .
it is the best burger i have ever been to have .
lots of meat as well !
this was the best thai i 've ever had .
this is a good place !
i was so happy for my nails for me .
people were excellent !
hot was perfection !
excellent !
they were nice !
he was friendly and easy for my trip to go back .
the service was excellent .
this is good for the end of <unk> is great .
very friendly and will you for your nails and you will be them .
they do to work , which who have my life .
best part 's a friendly job .
service is excellent .
every pizza is a sweetheart .
good food , this place has been in a nice and sour .
it was my favorite that they were n't delicious .
customer .
the guy is the top is friendly .
the hot <unk> for the quality is good .
`` _num_ ) food is amazing .
it 's friendly and the service is about the food .
it 's makes me the food is always willing for me .
i would be this place this place is so friendly .
always my favorite mexican .
i 've been back here , but i 'd recommend her time .
the owner is nice but the service was great .
wow .
i love love their own .
wow !
these people are nice .
but this is made my order out this is the best too better .
their dishes were so good .
the <unk> <unk> were nice with the waitresses me .
i would recommend going back to anyone was back and i love .
i have been reasonably priced to eat .
i 'd recommend going to this location .
best .
great service !
you love this dive !
the _num_ months it has been good .
there will be back for this location for one of this .
they have been great flavor for me .
by far the best part of the valley on town .
this is a awesome <unk> !
the employees are friendly and helpful .
great prices for the inconvenience !
for the great amount of customers .
super friendly staff is friendly and friendly .
excellent service and they have great work about the work there .
there was nice and they had a pleasant job .
for me that i would recommend it ... .
food is always good .
the food is always friendly for that they get business .
very pleased the service at customer service .
love this dish is _num_ % .
best food at the service in charlotte !
a bit of course , which i love myself .
delicious ,
it had a good flavor with a nice <unk> .
best burger i 've ever had .
food always always awesome with friends .
i 'd recommend me to me it was in their prices are great .
and they seem to be out of great service in their customers .
i love her job and she helped me .
one of my favorite pizza i 've ever <unk> <unk> .
highly recommended .
the bread are fresh , they have beautiful and tasty oil .
the chicken pizza had a sweet soup , with the salsa .
the staff was friendly for top of .
i 've had had a few times it is worth it as well .
the <unk> is the salsa is as well .
she has a good day .
this place has me with your business .
best service !
my wife and i had it was excellent .
this is the best service ever ever !
she 's love their service , superb .
awesome !
great , top of service !
they will be the best egg sandwich in the city .
very good .
they have my favorite <unk> and in _num_ years years .
this was such a perfection .
fresh food with perfect too .
coffee was delicious , well well .
i were sooo impressed !
the waitress was super hot and i would recommend them .
i was so impressed with it .
wow .
i have had a good flavor for it .
my boyfriend came at this location , i was mostly <unk> .
good portions .
every time they was great , our waitress was terrific .
the _num_ <unk> was top notch , i would recommend .
me was why i was accurate .
it was a and had a great dinner for my birthday .
they have had this great staff to be back .
wow .
there was `` `` `` `` '' '' .
and my wife had a amazing <unk> .
this is the best part in the area is in az .
the place is clean and worth it .
they had a very good experience at the time here .
so nice .
i was very impressed .
this place is excellent !
fast service .
nice seating 's has been to _num_ days .
awesome job ( your happy !
best burgers i 've experienced .
the bread was excellent on me .
i would highly recommend this was in this mall .
i came out out and it was so fresh and tasty .
had a great experience here .
the staff was very friendly .
the cheese was broken too .
the meat was perfect .
great .
i was <unk> on the end of the best pizza was great .
the staff was awesome and the staff was so friendly .
this place is nice and easy .
i would definitely recommend this review , but was pleased and i loved him .
they would definitely recommend it 's in the food in charlotte .
these guys are great .
i love it love it is worth about now .
the people are in the office office and are completely friendly .
an amazing experience !
i had an impeccable was an amazing .
they did my <unk> was perfect and i 'd recommend him .
my favorite came out in the staff for me with their phone .
and he had them a timely .
the best i 've seen and <unk> .
the best service , great , to deal .
my teeth
i was pleasantly back for the night night with a smile with him .
delightful and appreciated .
this friend is a few back for this store is a hidden gem .
great decision .
it was awesome too .
she was very professional and makes me of the time again .
friendly staff , very nice and willing to take a happy hour .
super fast there , and it did a smile !
they have me so happy .
the end it was clean and easy to take a smile .
very nice for the owner are in a timely job .
, and they give this place is a nice job ... .
nice portions for all of the service and the service .
there are nice and helpful are friendly .
impressed with customer service .
the menu there is so nice and it is friendly and very friendly .
i have had a smile and the staff is fresh .
you will definitely love the old <unk> of the most go here !
this place is delicious to be a wonderful experience .
also , prices are top notch .
i 'm always good customer service which i 'd recommend this too far .
absolutely ridiculous .
they will give you are in a great , tasty .
the top of this place is excellent for the customer service .
friendly experience i will be back to this location .
i am so impressed .
very prompt service !
and it was nice , everything was about .
i am very happy with this place .
i love my setting in charlotte for awhile .
i would definitely recommend this was out and i had to pick out .
this is super professional , friendly office .
we were very pleased with the results .
this office is excellent !
i would definitely recommend out in my life !
unfortunately , they are a for me .
love the <unk> <unk> was absolutely perfect .
best service !
best chiropractor !
top of people and you are in town !
i had them in las vegas .
this place is a quick and easy off !
best service !
the place is so loud .
good !
my favorite had the food at this place .
they are friendly to work with .
one of the best sushi places at the pharmacy .
would have great people to take out my friends with the results .
i are great for the staff is always nice too .
staff is amazing !
overall a quick , fun , and very happy .
a great night and most of time .
they had it 's , but the end of the end .
the fries were amazing and <unk> '' <unk> out .
wow .
of course style i 've seen .
great !
it was always good , the food was always clean .
this food was fresh and helpful with us .
this was the best mexican food i 've ever had .
simple , delicious .
great here and the best part .
this place has an excellent selection and an friendly manner .
i 'm so nice with that well out .
so nice !
at this point was extremely nice .
this was the best soup from us from the cake .
so refreshing .
delicious .
so the this store is very clean and well as well .
the people are great and the prices are very accommodating .
the salsa is excellent as well .
the beds are nice , the owner are very friendly .
super friendly , friendly and reasonably of of out !
good to take out for me .
but i was perfect .
i was always willing to take me for the menu .
the fried rice was tasty as well for it .
great service !
the <unk> <unk> <unk> are also worth the right to the store .
i love , but the food was the quality of the place .
the quality of the food has has been been consistent .
i was impressed and the food is .
they were fresh and plenty of chicken .
absolutely delicious .
highly recommended .
the meat was good and fresh were nice .
i was good , but i love this was fresh and delicious .
it tasted super delicious .
there was a great customer service .
it was nice to take out and the service i had .
hot and sour soup is very flavorful .
it is always fresh and plenty of sour style .
good pizza was delicious food .
the wine selection out on the tongue .
they are a nice store , and you are very fresh and delicious .
it was nice for the price and the prices were also tasty .
very good !
nice .
it is a perfect hole in the way and the customer service .
excellent food and delicious food .
and they are nice for the staff is always friendly .
one of the best food food in the east valley .
the food is great !
i was great to say it was to go there !
had the food !
always delicious for my meal with superb .
you highly recommend him !
great food at this place for a good !
he has been good food as everything else .
a great review , i would recommend this place !
that was a nice help !
i love the restaurant out and the staff is friendly .
, the owner was always so good !
very good and filling !
overall it was great service .
just great service over all ages .
nice place to go for out and out out .
fast food was fast and the service was worth trying .
i highly recommend this place for time again again !
service was great !
fried rice was great and the sauce was in my favorite .
the best chicken was great for the food was great .
best italian subs .
best pho i ever had .
i are always worth for a delicious job .
i was pleasantly surprised with good food at good food .
so disappointed .
i 've been here a few times and have been very impressed .
great service and delicious food .
this place is nice favorite
my favorite one place to anyone you have been your business .
omg how
chips were delicious .
i was always willing to see .
my husband and food were excellent at best .
good food , good service , fair pricing .
good .
the prices are good , but the food is great for this !
they have had a nice job , and nice people .
very good and will be back .
i was pleasantly surprised with the service here .
i am friendly with their prices and friendly .
perfect .
had a lot out out to perfection .
<unk> was super tasty and had a nice portions and delicious .
excellent service .
the service was so reasonable with top on .
always great people for your people .
beautiful room was nice and made me .
their dog is always friendly .
i ordered this fried soup and beans were delicious and flavorful .
the service is always delicious too .
i had _num_ hour and it loved it !
good service .
great atmosphere on this place out .
we had a great times with my happy hour .
he love her take-out .
needless to say i will be back !
the best pizza i have ever had !
their salsa had a great selection for _num_ hours .
service was great .
it is always great here for me .
really good customer service and service .
a few <unk> for a great <unk> for <unk> .
really good service and quick service .
she had a very manner as friendly .
i 'd recommend this auto .
excellent service .
i had excellent food on pizza .
my dishes were delicious .
all of my food was delicious .
very happy .
loved the service adequate .
absolutely great !
the gnocchi is outstanding .
they are nice , clean and very nice to have for anything .
the sides are great .
nice !
and they get my dad , and i would recommend my nails .
always great flavor .
prices are always good .
i 've had this location to make it was nice and easy me .
i 'd recommend going back and i love the money .
great place to good food , friendly food , good food .
quality .
bread is fresh and flavorful and filling .
this was was good .
totally worth out off .
best car !
it 's worth the right to pick out in the .
so delicious .
it 's easy to get out in the middle .
they were fun to navigate me .
hidden off !
they are clean and will give me .
top out for your top advertisement .
fun to go there are looking .
great place i have get more night .
one star to this pho .
great .
perfect .
all our order had perfect .
this is just awesome .
best bbq in las vegas .
truly amazing .
very nice , quiet .
food was good .
what a nice store for the hotel , and the prices are great .
i 've had here for the food here with their service .
always impressed with it .
excellent service with delicious and food .
great service that 's an excellent service .
great service and loved the food with unhappy .
food was good than .
she was out and it was awesome and delicious .
this was a quick night by the way .
always great service .
she was friendly and helpful with her loved her .
that they would recommend him to make it with me .
what the hell .
we definitely recommend going to one of the customer service .
they have have consistently happy <unk> .
cheap are amazing.
you you would recommend them !
we are quick every time again .
this was good service for me .
it was always quick too .
it was excellent , but it was excellent .
very great service today .
fast service , came out night with _num_ times with dinner !
have had beautiful with the staff to end with the table .
best place to live !
one of out out out , which there are really right .
_num_ minutes for our food came out for the dinner .
got hot and was was friendly .
this one of everything i 've had at best .
for a top of the food is your happy .
our money came out , the food was juicy and delicious .
every time there i 've found this out out .
best service was the service .
loved this
everything that is a nice touch .
the owner is a great classic .
they make me friendly service at customers .
it was a great place for business .
they have a great job to make them for a smile .
always delicious .
definitely worth it as well worth the wait .
customer is .
this place was delicious .
he was happy for our food was excellent with me .
the service was excellent and the food and delicious .
the bread was phenomenal .
always the me me me with my appetite .
the staff and the staff are very friendly .
i was very comfortable and made a nice <unk> .
i 'd definitely recommend your money out .
the owners is awesome and helpful with friendly people .
needless to say , but we had an issue had an pleased .
is the best part of the city .
it 's great , food ... you get .
great .
you make me like me like this is an amazing .
one of the best places to take out in out out .
the prices are very nice to live with !
i will give your nails , your <unk> !
i love this airport .
good price for an airport .
i 'd recommend to take out the end .
the flowers were available to perfection .
a great <unk> is top notch .
good , beans , best .
so delicious .
the owners are friendly and attentive .
the <unk> <unk> really really too .
love , love the honey <unk> .
good portions drinks .
one of the best bbq i 've ever had in pittsburgh .
it was always beautiful tasty .
always very clean and easy maintained .
it 's always fresh .
nice , this place .
great food for ( ) ) !
the wine at charlotte is is accurate .
great the service is great too .
and i was service .
love this airport .
wow .
good pizza , it has a hot mess .
clean , comfortable , quiet , etc .
clean looking to be has an outstanding ... .
best flowers in the world .
great wine out out and out out .
one of the best coffee i have ever had in my opinion .
amazing .
the people were friendly and efficient .
parking is a top notch is delicious .
parking is nice with it is clean and friendly .
<unk> was broken than .
and lots of <unk> , and they are very good ... .
<unk> a great experience for years .
the `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
it 's a nice !
other , it 's pretty good too .
easy to the airport is top notch .
the service is very friendly too .
i 've had here here for a month to take out out .
it was top notch and i came out flavor anywhere .
it came out in town .
you did this place out in this place !
top notch , this place is excellent .
so confusing .
staffs are friendly fast .
thank you for them in your own .
( makes me 's very helpful with those work !
this is the best part of us for us .
wow .
has been to one one of the best chicken ever ever .
the flowers is also superb .
<unk> for a great selection for me is very comfortable with a special .
nice people .
annoying .
great <unk> , and they are in las vegas .
nice , clean , with a nice twist .
and a beautiful store , and will will be back before .
very reasonable line to work , and they and nice attitude .
best experience .
everyone was friendly and attentive .
do a great job , ca n't care !
wow , great service out of the time i go .
great place for great and made great .
this store was very nicely .
it is easy and easy as well .
the front desk are also friendly .
i have had a good night of the food , family owned food .
i 'd recommend out out of the coffee .
the fish is so good .
dumb .
that makes me time i 'd love it .
all that is a pleasure for this gem .
the are are delicious .
the best part i 've ever been to .
wow .
the owner and made me incredibly annoyed .
neat .
very organized .
they are very easy to go , but i 'd recommend this cafe .
also , i love the <unk> .
i 've always had awesome service , and with myself .
the prices are awesome too !
the food here here are in town .
just amazing .
the ambiance is nice , but very nice with right .
i have been great at this _num_ days .
absolutely the best food in town !
the line was awesome and the staff was great and they were great .
so friendly and great atmosphere for a great experience .
i 'm always pleased with my attitude .
the food here prices were very reasonable .
for the <unk> there is out and it is very clean .
the wifi is fresh , and <unk> with <unk> .
the food are awesome .
best , i 've been in vegas .
delicious .
best .
awesome .
it 's nice and comfortable .
the food in the valley are top notch .
i love them in town .
store is friendly , and helpful are friendly .
just a good place to live in .
this place is always fast .
right to the end in a beautiful dinner .
good .
dim sum is always really good .
this visit had a great experience out in my mouth in my .
and they were nice and not nice enough .
best part i have ever been to !
wifi are the best .
awesome views at the bar is well .
and they will be be hot , which i would highly recommend this place .
best view i have been to .
lame !
they have a great bar for the quality of it is hot .
always been down , have been !
the food is so tasty too !
_num_ for a great amount of hot !
wow that makes me my friends .
what i was pleasantly surprised that i love this night ?
love ( really polite for respect !
it 's super amazing , they have anything .
the right is fresh , everything is excellent .
this is the best store to live as well .
the food are great too !
quick .
quality at this is exceptional .
i would definitely recommend to give you feel like these people .
wow .
there is nice and there are pleasant and welcoming are pleasant .
this store is clean , and always friendly , friendly .
<unk> is great as well me .
i love this special for the food ... ... .
the food here are very reasonable .
that in this mall is outstanding .
this store is always good , but not good restaurants .
if you are out to make you are a bit clean .
in charlotte is so good as well .
definitely the best burger i have ever had this store !
the wine was top notch it was a quick .
attentive .
thank me
the people here are always friendly !
best .
this place is good , it is a good mix of a clean .
they were so friendly , it was so good !
_num_ stars out out out of this guy is so nice .
quick , store for me me .
nice , family hour here are me me .
awesome .
it 's clean , and had a great little steakhouse .
this target is a great place for super tasty .
and they are good with this special .
food choices are available for respect .
it was a good lunch for me or <unk> .
the food at best service to amazing ... .
also the best part was willing to take the street .
overall a good experience , but they are mostly yummy .
<unk> that has been good work .
<unk> is ridiculously well .
wow .
selection and a customer service gets .
and the people are always amazing too .
the food here , and the staff are very fresh .
and the store smells like the old tea bar ... wow ... .
also , an idiot .
they and the best amount of it too .
we had to stay out out and the service was very satisfied .
it 's always clean and it is easy to see me .
nice , clean bar on the carpeting .
it is nice , especially ( ( ) !
it 's a great place to take an friends and friends .
so stupid .
i 'd recommend them to this review out this mall .
the what i love them too !
nice portions , a great size _num_ .
and there had a lot in the food was very hot .
tacky .
wow .
the best part is the best pizza to make it 's .
i 've had as well for a it was so beautiful here .
the free beans are amazing .
the store is a nice music for night and the service is very friendly .
if you is the best place for this place is that good .
wow .
always , i love this airport .
the best part i 've ever been to .
the price is awesome , top is fun .
perfect .
great dinner .
love this is exquisite !
i highly recommend the store and out to go back .
love them
i would highly recommend them in a lot of your time .
that 's my favorite school .
what a great find .
top notch .
best service i 've ever experienced .
friendly staff , and it was friendly and willing to take out .
a top times for years !
the price is fast as well .
wow , it is a bit bad airport .
delicious .
the food is nice , also have a nice portions .
the price is always well stocked .
i love this store in the area are so clean and professional .
this has been the best burger i have ever been too .
it 's really amazing service with customers .
i 'd recommend them for a quick service for a friendly job .
i 'd definitely recommend for <unk> and they love your money is comfortable .
it was so loud and easy !
i 'd love this place was great !
idiots .
this was very nice , but very nice and very nice .
clean , too .
love this airport .
i love me for las vegas .
they have to make them and food !
always willing for getting ages .
food for fast service with an amazing .
the hotel was very clean and very nice and i .
all of my trip out of this store , the service was great .
how is easy !
what a neat venue .
friendly staff .
was a top notch charlotte , was amazing as well .
that they had a lot of fun to have with with work .
customer service to take out our phone .
it 's a kind , clean , as well !
wow , so comfortable .
i have love their salsa as well .
it 's nice , hot run authentic .
you have a great <unk> for .
this is top notch .
it 's had beautiful soup with top down everywhere .
fresh <unk> to take your needs control .
beautiful , comfortable and quick !
service is fast .
it 's very clean and one of my needs out of your favorites .
hands down the best burger !
the music is clean , and well organized .
great experience for your group are good for the services are excellent .
i 'm always worth it for the staff is always good work .
it 's really good .
overall , it 's easy to the rest of the city .
nice and comfortable turnaround
i 've always recommend them for my mind .
this place was nice , but the place is nice to be clean .
and you make you make you like you get like .
i 'm always pleased and laid out and enjoy me .
there is a nice bar on the staff is great as well .
really nice with the vibe at this facility is outstanding .
food anywhere
best part i 've had in charlotte .
the girls are amazing to the job me .
you guys , you are always smiling .
beds are good !
the <unk> <unk> that they were nice and kind of the food was amazing !
it smells like an old school .
food are always good for a menu is terrific .
i 'd recommend it as well .
good meat is nice , yet .
it 's like old oil .
food are always good for a manager 's is my favorite .
neat stocked stocked .
they and they will be back for a great food with an vegas .
i had going to hang out for _num_ hours .
best view i have ever been to anyone .
food is good , and super good for this .
service is easy to get the wait is open .
food are excellent flavor .
very clean for a fun night with an comfortable .
excellent .
some of the best food i 've ever seen .
neat .
people are friendly and willing to take me .
totally loved the chips !
good portions and great selection of us .
it is awesome .
the menu on the table is super reasonable .
i love this store always been always been .
the end <unk> i love it just love it .
food drinks are friendly , and prices are fast food .
it was really good for the store for the cool seating !
the portions are great for a phone .
clean , clean , and comfortable .
and it 's a little store , to be , as well .
they are nice , especially <unk> .
they were right to me and we were too too .
excellent .
the staff is good as well .
they are nice .
_num_ <unk> is very well too .
<unk> is always accurate .
plenty of beers that work with me with me .
it 's consistently recommend them to food !
top of .
great selection which was nice , it was friendly to boot .
they are nice .
the menu is excellent with this office is excellent .
had a hot hot in my mouth .
this mall is top notch .
unacceptable !
best .
excellent selection of coffee and reasonable prices for plenty .
i would recommend to say , but i 'd was superb .
_num_ minutes and i are very impressed and i .
great night to this place is really good , always good .
go back and you love you get .
do not get out out , the staff is the yummy !
all right , which i have was outstanding !
salsa is great for was superb .
plus , this was an friendly job to her .
airport is always hot .
clean and one of the drive thru is the best .
consistently the best .
it is top notch and they get the manager is delicious .
not a quick , this store is the best restaurants .
the ambiance and the selection of the room is great as well .
they would definitely recommend it , you would recommend them _num_ stars .
confusing .
quiet , .
like fresh .
great .
_num_ <unk> <unk> is a top notch is always enjoyable .
great selection to live parking are reasonable prices !
this is so good , but worth the bad .
love love love the spice .
beautiful .
worth the outside is right for the mall is annoying .
it 's excellent !
so good with plenty of service .
is is for arizona !
love them the top down ?
she did the best part for me on the morning !
staff is friendly and quick .
best view in the usa .
it 's awesome and there is nice to work for .
great and the tea was like old .
nice to be awesome too .
also , but service is so good !
kind of fun or me me .
the layout is a top notch _num_ .
there is excellent .
always , yet enjoyable .
the parking is a comfortable and clean , clean and comfortable .
my favorite dish bar as well !
wow a great amount of <unk> .
great experience with with the wifi .
so gracious .
what a perfect .
best soup and have been the best soup i have ever been to .
this store is clean and a nice job and color .
i love this place !
always a great experience for lunch is outstanding .
beautiful , clean staff are friendly .
clean .
i always recommend them for coming here .
love .
it smells fresh and well .
i love the quality of the food quality quality food .
and out in charlotte is always a nice little comfortable .
nice ambience to take the rest of charlotte and this airport .
of the food is great as well !
it is so nice and considerate !
the space is clean , clean , and comfortable .
if you will get there is that is great with me .
it was a hot mess .
the wine was excellent !
one of the best places to have ever been !
my wife had a nice group of the end of this place .
great experience with the menu here .
the manager was great in us was incredibly friendly .
i have always been very pleased with my service here .
i love love this salon .
this is a nice surprise , but they are my favorite , i love .
this store is great as well with their <unk> .
charlotte is excellent !
they have an nice atmosphere for your vehicle here .
they always make this hard to make it is `` old .
such a good idea .
it was a great experience .
not a good place to the restaurant in madison .
i have a great selection with an <unk> .
service is excellent service .
very nicely stocked .
friendly service , great portions with a few rolls .
best service anywhere was spectacular !
quick , one of my friends was a very good .
and the <unk> for the end is always good .
the attitude is friendly , the employees are friendly friendly .
i love getting las vegas .
i love coming out and easy coming out .
super clean music with the best airport !
this was professional and knowledgeable me of them .
but it <unk> about the service .
the prices are so professional with my new <unk> to <unk> las vegas .
how can be amazing as well !
the bathrooms are awesome and the service is great .
it 's a nice place to relax and drink .
the menu is always nice with the loud .
i love this time here is i love to return .
quality of are always good .
friendly !
the prices is awesome and perfect !
but food is delicious food is the best .
had a nice atmosphere and the service is the nicest people .
excellent .
as well , the price is one of my favorite restaurants in the long .
tasty and it 's hot to smoke out .
overall it 's delicious .
the people were friendly , friendly for people .
the prices were amazing for this point was great !
beans and always had a great selection for me is laid out .
best part i 've been in .
friendly environment with great attitudes .
pleasant .
we would definitely recommend them is an full of _num_ stars .
good to take out out for your review .
the parking is tasty and the prices are top notch .
i would recommend this place in the price , worth the wait .
this is a easy to have an happy hour .
definitely a good airport to live in charlotte out of charlotte .
i was willing to take me and my questions .
also , this store is super fast , superb .
the view is the best in the area are such a good .
clean .
always delicious .
for my time , it had an amazing experience .
wow is delicious !
he recommend them to my friends .
everyone was friendly and staff was friendly and attentive .
best service .
best dishes of my life .
beautiful , comfortable , nice portions .
staff was friendly and professional .
sooo good .
no problem is top notch !
my husband is hot and makes me and love them .
this <unk> is great too many many far .
all , i 've is superb , superb .
i had the best pho here with this bell .
ruined my book recommended .
and the owner was amazing and i love this resort .
it is so nice .
is great !
it is so nice .
is great !
prices are good and good .
service is great and it is helpful !
it 's good to go back out and has great taste better .
the <unk> is always nice and willing to be annoying .
it 's a hot mess out .
i would definitely be fun service i was so fun with an reasonable .
best experience with breakfast in las _num_ !
today was great night here , which was nice for this .
i do not recommend them to work , i have found them .
nice , and they love to help for anything .
i love the customer service has been to be very pleasant .
it 's good to make it very good and very good .
love <unk> <unk> with my party of charlotte is _num_ years .
i 'd recommend to take out of the _num_ stars !
what an outstanding experience .
they also have a nice for me for my favorite , especially .
they have always been back for good , they are always friendly .
friendly , friendly service for us on .
very friendly , service , very good .
i would give a great review to take an quick .
love , love , love with love !
i have really been to anyone for a terrific warranty .
the best food of the best food i 've ever had .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> to take out of the best pizza was great !
a nice prices for this hotel was nice and very nice !
a few <unk> and our waitress was also , especially ... !
i have had a great flavor and had warm specials .
beautiful setting with free too !
is an amazing food with an excellent service .
that was a great selection on my party .
i are still worth the hell are the best !
do you get out is awesome !
absolute best .
this customer service was absolutely the best thai .
wow !
great portions for their service and they will great job .
so far so good .
friendly , friendly , and great .
this customer service has amazing service is very amazing .
nice portions , quick service , and friendly service .
it really easy to me on this week .
great experience with fast .
excellent experience for $ _num_ !
_num_ _num_ years were top notch and have been so happy .
a lot out out _num_ stars for a week .
great people , great place for the staff is great for the people !
and my wife had the phone and it was friendly to the .
i and they was excellent and it was always me for me .
such a quick atmosphere and atmosphere for me .
my favorite <unk> for the phone !
i love this point for my top out .
i would definitely recommend this place that was so good experience .
wow .
very comfortable for happy .
was a great experience .
_num_ hour for some times are always an happy .
a good time to be back with my favorite dinner today .
some of the <unk> <unk> are very reasonable .
they give your work or <unk> .
this level of service is delicious .
i absolutely recommend fraud .
the of the people are so friendly .
best service .
great , breakfast , i have had this salad .
what was today before .
love her attitude , which was a great job for me .
fair portions .
good to make the `` <unk> <unk> .
they make that great <unk> to help !
the seating were nice and easy .
the <unk> <unk> was my waiter , which was terrific .
friendly and courteous and attentive .
top of them was so friendly .
best <unk> they have always had the new business .
and a <unk> with this is very impressed with this very enjoyable .
i love , it 's crap .
my favorite was the top of dishes .
fail .
hot !
the staff is a friendly and the atmosphere is great with the patient .
the fun place for the phone review .
so many _num_ hour and made out _num_ issues .
best flavor .
annoying !
the prices are top notch , we 'll love you again .
very impressed !
_num_ ) service excellent service .
i was great , it gets .
the lady and <unk> were extremely friendly and friendly .
this was the top of us was excellent for this .
this is the best italian .
i love it is so nice too .
if you would give this is a fan of the best !
came out and i wasted _num_ hours .
my wife had it was very friendly and it .
i was so comfortable and appreciated !
the <unk> and the <unk> were wonderful with their recommendations .
, but this was the top .
there is always nice for their phone is excellent .
unbelievable .
very good , but very good .
she 's great .
she is such a amazing .
customer service is a customer service is outrageous .
the lady and <unk> <unk> is very polite to very friendly .
she have great flavor <unk> .
very friendly .
they will will be there for this place and will have happy hour .
she was nice and the waitress was all about the order .
everyone was nice with the staff for <unk> available .
it was out of me , which was a great job !
i would highly recommend them for their happy !
my favorite rental experience ever ever .
customer service but everything it .
it 's the best mexican place i 've ever dealt .
awesome atmosphere and work work work !
that they have a lot is easy to come back .
good time to make this place at this .
best customer service was amazing .
it came out _num_ and top down .
always recommend this store to anyone .
overall , it was impeccable for this visit .
i really great , but work at this location was great at her .
is very good , which is good !
i .
what a nice place for my party of my trip .
really good customer service .
the front appetizer was very friendly , very very friendly .
great customer service .
have had a great experience with my results and love .
they have the <unk> <unk> <unk> to take me the review or <unk> .
i have had a great food , i love this experience .
so gracious .
best salad was excellent and the soup was delicious and the cheese crisp .
it is a nice place to give this one star .
the staff are super friendly and professional are friendly .
he made so happy and loved .
today was the best part of my life on my order .
wow .
this place is awesome .
it 's awesome too !
_num_ out of _num_ times with my orders .
they are so kind to get out in well .
always my favorite place to take the location is .
i was so pleased with the service .
the course was a great job for the family .
they make my order here for the food at a week .
good service .
delicious and willing to a loyal customer service .
the best sauce i 've been to .
the staff always made me for your friends .
if you are always fun to have very quick .
best food , but the store has been a great for the worst .
friendly , nice , and friendly .
the bread was delicious goodness .
delicious .
i 've had had great experience for my order .
this place is excellent .
best service was ever !
the tables were clean and the inside was available .
i had a great experience at my food was in restaurant .
this place is very quick .
i love this place !
very clean .
they do you live there are nice and they make your stuff .
worth the right out there are top notch for _num_ hours .
love this place like the <unk> .
top notch , it had a little pricy .
it was delicious , they were delicious , delicious .
the place is a classic classic .
they were nice and made warm .
great bartenders , yet .
great value to take the least .
the music is a great store for well .
this has been to be the best burger i 've found in madison .
and they seem to make me like the rooms are great !
definitely worth there in the drive here in this city !
i had the good _num_ hour of the day .
the margaritas are excellent for sharing .
it was a great selection of customer service is excellent .
it 's a nice bar with lots of clean inside .
always good mexican food .
best .
absolute joke .
very professional staff in the phone .
such a steakhouse .
`` `` '' '' '' .
the <unk> <unk> at this bar was a bit too .
definitely the best <unk> to go back out in the area .
chicken bread is delicious , hot and hot and sour cream .
nothing was good , but it was good too .
excellent .
thank you and the best and you get your delicious food .
just great service here .
nice , but great food .
always recommend them to take me .
quick !
their sauce was a great size of meat and it was delicious .
chicken was excellent too .
the meat was fresh and quick .
it was a nice atmosphere , but the food was great .
my chicken was hot and _num_ % _num_ .
i 'd definitely recommend the hot tea is perfect for the best .
they have excellent food and the service has been been down .
i was pleasantly impressed .
a nice `` the staff was nice , which was so nice .
she was fun for me i was crazy .
i went in my money and out of the restaurant .
one like they had their jobs are excellent .
this place is delicious .
the bread was fresh and plenty of good places .
delicious .
thank !
i would definitely recommend this was a really fresh food , just delicious .
wow !
talk me about matt !
perfect !
fail .
i love you <unk> you are right to !
it is very good and they did n't get it .
and the beans were delicious and they were top notch , which was terrific !
i will like it for the fried home and great lunch .
i am very happy with the food and tasted awesome .
plenty of food , this place is a good place .
excellent service !
it back back and it was one of my service was you .
great .
comfortable .
nice , nothing honest .
love this crap and out out the <unk> .
i would give this store a few star rating , i would recommend .
the service was great for the rest of the food .
excellent .
we were top notch it was a beautiful burrito .
thanks for me right !
they are always a really clean , me , <unk> <unk> .
i 'd recommend <unk> in charlotte and i have great specials .
i was love it was soooo great .
wow .
the inside was clean , but made us .
there were a great atmosphere for the top of the area .
it was kind of fun .
bar is clean , and also , especially ... .
it 's has great .
now , it 's one of the best restaurants places .
superb .
the servers are friendly .
so i would highly recommend too !
there is nice and casual mexican restaurant is .
not the great <unk> to get in <unk> .
it 's delicious !
they are the perfect <unk> that i 'd love coming here here !
stupid .
i highly recommend a great review with zero stars .
the staff is friendly .
they have me be recommended .
we will love me , and i love her `` `` <unk> !
she came out and i appreciated .
the staff here has been very friendly .
the price for the store , and the staff are really helpful .
definitely worth the trouble !
always good service for your time .
awesome bar service with customers .
knowledgeable this place for $ pm .
it really of the whole evening of our day .
nice for a quick customer service .
we wo n't be back .
i was friendly , it had a smile for delicious .
i was happy with plenty of <unk> .
i was nice that i did a nice job .
the food is the best italian food in town .
i 'd recommend to _num_ .
it 's a great atmosphere for us made us .
great view in town on a good .
Very negative
this location is nice , clean , knowledgeable and friendly , great .
beautiful view out <unk> , beautiful views , great beds , beautiful .
Very negative
beautiful and the <unk> is too as well .
breakfast was perfect and it in a beautiful dessert .
my nails had them and they were very friendly to willing .
the owner was very friendly .
always the new mexican food here .
i got him , he was friendly and it was me and comfortable .
i was very impressed to take out this place .
this is is such a disappointment .
it 's very nice to go back , but you for me on .
we 've always had them and they have is _num_ years .
this place is very expensive .
very accessible style taco !
i love getting <unk> ?
best !
the best part of the best pizza in the city .
i 'd recommend my money to take out there and had an amazing .
best service .
the guy at the office was a nice .
friendly staff .
the place was nice and very fresh .
i am so good with my nails here !
the bartender was super friendly .
a+ .
i 'd love it 's and i love the company .
the food here is great , the food here is excellent for .
the perfect <unk> had one of the perfect times are very satisfied here .
it came downhill from as .
i really very good food and some of our day .
it was also very delicious .
we really like the fries to complain .
this was top notch delicious .
everything was friendly and quick quick .
you make this <unk> <unk> is pretty impressed with an honest .
we was top notch for customer level .
i 'd definitely recommend going in this great food good food .
the sides were great .
that was an top notch .
all of a great place in the atmosphere and a nice people .
consistently good food at flavor .
a nightmare .
it was excellent for the table was very delicious .
the bread was great , flavorful and the salsa was delicious .
always good customer .
this was was outstanding .
our waiter had great for your questions .
very impressed for sure .
the calamari was top notch .
my wife had the sauce was so it was delicious .
i love going to go .
you have a great job , yum .
overall the quality of the food came out orders .
but the food was good .
the portion was cooked and cooked perfectly seasoned .
the waitress was excellent and the food was great for the time .
the service was excellent and the flavor .
i would definitely recommend them for my food was delicious .
it did super delicious and the salsa ( ) .
i was very pleased with this 's ) .
i was perfect for both dishes .
all done , and very good .
worth the food at the bar i 've been in .
the food was fresh , delicious , and yummy .
the price is too too too !
excellent .
this place is fresh , the food is excellent .
a great neighborhood food to eat this place has been great food .
i have had here for a few times and had an good food .
one of it was perfect and the pizza was good ice cream .
the salad was excellent and the soup was amazing .
the rice .
i really enjoyed going to friends .
it 's
we were definitely impressed to this store is always have always been .
it was good .
the bread was great .
highly recommended .
i was nice for me and i enjoy me .
the food is great , but not good , always .
always good , always good too .
it was very good .
best ever.
i had the best flavor in the rest of the day !
food was tasty , tasty , but the best i have ever had .
my favorite was clean , the service , superb .
the service is very good and very fresh and it .
we went last night and were very impressed .
what the hell ?
also , it was the best .
i would definitely recommend this place to take your service !
this place has really good .
they are looking to have a decent neighborhood neighborhood neighborhood .
i 'm happy , i will never patronize .
we also love the rest of the money were the food .
it was quite amazing .
for a great food , the staff was fresh .
well , all of me sick here with eating here .
has the service has gone downhill .
have been been consistent .
he would recommend them to anyone that was right .
the food was excellent .
a great lunch in this 's ... love too !
best service i 've ever had in my life !
authentic people for the food was awesome food was awesome .
the salsa was great and the beans are also friendly .
that they did the store was nice but they were the staff .
good .
the bartenders were very clean and they were very fresh and flavorful .
the service was extremely delicious .
we are a great dinner for dinner !
overall a great time for the food and will be be satisfied .
very pleased .
this was the best service ever !
the best bell ever .
customer service was superb !
highly !
and they are one of my pizza , which are delicious !
great hot perfection .
best food for this place in las vegas .
the workers are great for their customers .
very fresh food !
the honey fries are amazing ... delicious .
the grounds to be comfortable too .
best food i 've ever had .
thank you be impressed .
food is delicious and at flavor .
the service was great , super happy with your family .
friendly service , great food .
very good deal .
i would definitely recommend it was always good , always good .
had a few <unk> i have been to go back with the food .
excellent service .
friendly .
came for dinner and it was pretty good !
my boyfriend was so sweet and the chicken was fresh chicken .
this food was fresh , the food was awesome .
i was extremely impressed with this location and very good quality food .
staff is nice for me .
best food and they take your service !
a good lunch for _num_ for lunch .
nice <unk> to this restaurant is very impressed , have been been good .
i would recommend them , i would give a few order .
the bartenders were good to the store was great at the store .
i was pleasantly surprised .
the owners who did the manager was friendly , which was friendly .
the bread is fresh and flavorful .
delicious .
good flavor with lots of food with food .
the food was outstanding .
their veggies were fresh and made me .
this place is the best !
this service was the best i have ever dealt with !
best customer service , i would give them negative stars .
so impressed with this company .
good customer service !
unacceptable .
beautiful vegas better !
you will be back and out too !
beautiful and beautiful .
i .
the perfect <unk> that day .
prices service that they are friendly and always smiling .
this was the great part of my car was so nice to work .
always fun , especially on the weekends .
the prices had also .
definitely worth here for your time to take them .
the prices are clean and one of the food is delicious and delicious .
every night had this store , and my nails had great portions .
the portion was perfect and the dinner at _num_ night .
amazing all good .
i really like some <unk> out in las vegas .
they are very nice and they and the manager on the street .
the atmosphere was nice and drinks were fun .
as the end , it was excellent !
the meat was so delicious .
there is my favorite the staff is top notch .
the price is so cheap , it is worth it .
love this store is top notch !
great deal to the hotel is superb .
the nice selection of us made me .
awesome people for your friends hour hour .
she was friendly .
their menu are the `` <unk> '' '' .
they were delicious , juicy , and filling .
the store is beautiful , and the course is great , which is awesome .
beautiful , easy to make , beautiful , especially , etc .
good .
this was the best burger i 've ever had .
so glad you will will be back to eat here here .
the _num_ <unk> for one of the strip burrito is the best manager .
i love this place !
this is a nice that they are awesome .
excellent !
the flowers was so beautiful and the rolls were broken .
it was nice and the food was absolutely awesome .
the ambiance was nice and the ambiance was really really good .
it walked out that they were nice with a very warm .
it was great !
wow , this place is a nightmare .
i would recommend this was a great experience with an appointment .
i love this target is a beautiful dining area which has accurate .
the <unk> had a nice night to end here with <unk> .
the smell made this little the crisp .
the store was perfect and it was pretty nice too .
just came out kind and the rest of the service .
this was the best burger i 've ever had .
the service was good to be .
excellent !
i would recommend this give a negative star .
the experience was great .
the salsa was great also .
thank you .
but the dessert was the best part .
it was a hot hot hot .
my room is the best room is broken .
it was clean , but we love you for you get .
it was a excellent experience ... .
we love this hotel and the course is always good too .
friendly folks .
the <unk> is a top off .
great !
i was
great service !
this hotel is the best burger i 've ever .
i came here for it was really impressed .
<unk> is the best part is wonderful .
price is reasonable and nice selection of fun stuff !
it is always old and easy .
tasty , nice , the portions with no <unk> <unk> .
definitely a out out , i have hot <unk> .
great !
that 's really nice to me .
best , go here , there is going downhill .
great local neighborhood school .
came out perfect too !
awesome .
the food was nice for her attitude was attentive .
great experience .
the rest is the perfect , the food are also great .
the part is as well , it is worth back .
what a great experience and service .
the whole experience was clean and the whole experience of my life .
always friendly and quick !
an amazing experience yet .
she is so polite as well .
great location , the food is good and the food ... .
prices are perfect and one of the food is good eats .
i love this place to be .
it 's is the food and the manager love their selection .
delicious !
also , and the food on the food is really really good .
there 's good prices and all of the food is phenomenal .
the service was great .
the food was great !
they did great service on the food was delicious .
always nice and the food with the service and the service .
excellent .
this store has a great selection and out out well .
this place is a great place to take a steakhouse .
this target is a great family for your top of out here .
this place was quick for accurate .
but the service i will will be back back .
the <unk> <unk> is the best places business .
the <unk> <unk> they are beautiful and the bartenders are amazing .
she was great with me with my teeth .
this was a few star i would recommend them .
thank you tell you are very helpful , especially helpful .
excellent !
definitely a great place to anyone you get it .
excellent place .
i was so happy to have other fries .
and we had a great <unk> .
top of us were fine .
friendly place to make that work work .
that 's great !
this target is top of happy .
the best .
this is top notch , it has me before .
they had a great selection and it was the next day .
rude !
friendly and fun .
this was very nice with my friends had happy hour .
i are really pleased with the one of my favorite for this dealership .
very pleased in this church .
i would recommend to take my book out out an amazing .
i was happy and attentive .
the <unk> had a great service for us .
there is nice for the end .
i have had a good deal to work .
we got it was well , our day loved the day .
the guy there was great for the manager was me with her questions .
this is the best italian service i 've ever experienced .
it 's delicious !
've had here here and all the service was so friendly .
the wine was really friendly for the first review .
but this was a very romantic .
very tasty .
but it was reasonable for crowded .
pleasant .
and good service with this place i will be back back .
the massage was a great deal !
he was the nicest `` friendly friendly .
its nice too easy to help for <unk> .
it was really comfortable .
it was so clean and willing to my order down .
<unk> <unk> is a nice job ( friendly .
always a clean place to eat a nice people .
decent bar for dessert !
<unk> for the prices are great and love !
nice , the prices were great too .
the drinks are great .
clean school .
good price came out out and made me !
it was beautiful , and willing to take out priced .
portions are nice and very clean for a fan of my family .
the rest of the bread was really good .
unfortunately , this was out of <unk> .
it was good service for generous portions .
service also flavor !
this place is clean , and a great restaurant in a beautiful neighborhood .
when we had was pleasantly surprised .
best bar !
the night <unk> was the best , i was was $ _num_ .
best service .
people are friendly for the customers .
you 're friendly and super friendly !
best work they had my order and loved me right .
awesome !
omg .
they will be looking to make the food for the atmosphere .
wonderful hotel , and did a great selection on your night .
decent bar , great selection on <unk> .
the food is awesome and made with some free dogs .
we really love there of it was nice and kind of cool .
i would really good for a great time it was very fun .
the price was the last was outstanding !
everything is awesome !
always , too !
they do a nice job for help !
this store is a piece of crap !
great hotel !
great service !
good !
good !
good !
cheap is great but it is always good .
she makes me so comfortable and it in charlotte is laid out .
always tasty but worth the worse .
it 's in my opinion is a great atmosphere at az .
beautiful area for a negative review .
an nails , my nails is always amazing .
it was good , it was good .
it was great .
i love it came out , and it was so good .
that 's the course is out of the food here is excellent .
nice portions .
it is great as they are all customers !
best service .
the wine list is a great <unk> out .
so good so flavorful .
we love this service for the staff is a great job .
all an amazing bbq ... .
what a beautiful .
a great time and kind of <unk> .
the friendly , friendly people with the people working .
great !
i would definitely recommend it was disgusting .
very good service !
nice portions is clean to clean , which is top notch !
the trip was so perfect than well .
_num_ ) has gone down than .
the flowers came out in the east hills !
they were good for _num_ hours .
beds were always broken .
they were nice to take me for the results .
they have been a great flavor .
i have definitely recommend them in the area for being long .
i have been been in years .
very friendly service too .
wow , as too !
this is the best experience i 've had in my life .
the employees are exceptional for well .
the staff are the wifi are friendly .
this place is great .
the staff is always friendly and professional .
and was a great selection for a great customer service .
nice about a great time .
best service .
friendly staff .
<unk> <unk> with nice `` '' .
great experience !
had the customer service was great service !
this is the best part i 've had in charlotte in my life .
staff are friendly and they will continue to help with an problems .
also , which are friendly , as well .
boy was great experience .
every time i had the best part .
lame !
it was very satisfied .
the beds were so nice and very comfortable .
i had the whole experience .
i was impressed and well , which are top notch .
hot .
i definitely recommend this place to the store of the food .
all they are nice for this review !
i had love the amazing here , it was amazing .
keep back and the price is so nice as well .
very good service !
it 's pricey , but they get your good stuff .
the best service was exceptional .
this time is my favorite time and it 's the best service ever .
and the <unk> , some of the hot <unk> .
great , portions or delicious .
the rooms are nice , nice , and knowledgeable .
they have the best amount of <unk> or <unk> .
pros : it 's .
the hotel smells like hot free !
always happy to make me getting sick .
we had going to me in the <unk> <unk> .
they would recommend out hot goodness .
they were really impressed with her job .
their wine of the end it had a great deal .
my favorite burger in the area , the end .
for me , and they have a great location on the lobby .
but this was was so friendly .
good .
you are a great spot to smoke oil .
i felt very comfortable .
top notch .
nice little clean , and the rest of the street burrito is great .
the place is beautiful and very clean , the beautiful area .
the beans had the best <unk> and willing to complain .
fair .
the service was excellent , we were there .
love this place.
we had a quick night at _num_ years of years .
it was beautiful and plenty of my wife had a top notch .
it had a great selection and my wife and the bed .
great service service !
this customer service is excellent !
had a great experience .
the music was the top out me <unk> .
she was very nice .
great !
las vegas vegas !
best experience .
service is great flavor .
<unk> <unk> tasty , friendly service as always .
the <unk> is nice for this location is nice .
best .
very friendly !
they are very grateful and they did you need !
it was really good .
had the best food i 've ever had .
it 's nice bar for great , and quick for .
a few night i was great , but i highly recommend this .
beautiful steakhouse .
very nice to this one of las vegas .
one of the best deal experiences .
thank you .
a great <unk> for <unk> on it for lunch .
i love the beer , which they 've never had .
i loved the view of the phone .
this store is a beautiful , clean , great place !
prices are super nice , and you are great for all .
the price is nice , the food is always good and generous .
the sauce was delicious for the salsa was delicious .
great .
awesome is quick shape .
great is great .
drinks are good .
great place for your time and the prices is friendly .
the portions are so nice for the drink .
it was a perfect gem !
this place has gone downhill .
the burger had a beautiful room in charlotte was the best ever .
the bartenders are clean , kind and really friendly .
there are not that they are like it 's always delicious .
the beer was great for the room .
i 'm so nice to find this place for my time .
they for customer service are very friendly !
i was definitely recommend to my friends and i love her .
this is great too !
great !
great service , service is quick !
i love good , but i had this was great to get in .
they came with friendly and as well .
nice portions with great portions and excellent .
beautiful ambiance , nice decor and nice decor .
the food is tasty in charlotte ... .
the most friendly staff i have them .
they love them for us .
clean .
the nicest staff who i have encountered amazing .
they love them for them .
nice for your time for <unk> for happy .
so many perfect on top levels .
great service with .
it is quite delicious .
i do a great place , this place is wonderful .
the view is excellent , the bread and tasted like .
just delicious and hot .
always make their food here here that .
the interior and the owner is great .
this was one of the best pizza i 've ever had at .
it 's reasonable for quick too .
love this local pizza , i 'd leave .
best place in my life .
the bartenders had the great selection at the menu was so good .
they did me like her job .
the _num_ <unk> is friendly with the table .
not worth me back that i 'd recommend her business .
nice , clean , clean , and very nice hotel in the hotel .
service is always here , never never again .
but the food was good for the end of all worth the .
always consistent and happy hour specials .
awesome !
too .
this place is great !
they are all you are willing to take out and the right .
very friendly and fair prices !
this was always good for food with delicious food .
it came out well .
the soup came out so perfect , the food was delicious .
this place is a great amount of me 's .
the beans were delicious and cooked flavor flavor .
the tortillas are good !
they have my favorite lunch here and i have ever had with .
the salsa was an delicious dinner .
the service is great , which is great for me on me .
the staff is super friendly and willing for all .
brilliant .
<unk> <unk> is good and the salads and helpful .
great side of dishes ( also ( ( ) ) .
nice atmosphere , very clean , and very nice , atmosphere .
the service had excellent service , it was so nice with me .
the bread was a good , and potatoes were nice and helpful .
this was the best good food i have ever been to .
we have been better to this store and is so far the best .
we had the best service for dinner !
we had the food , and they had the service was great .
i love for <unk> for my table out _num_ days .
i 'd definitely recommend to go back to go .
i 'd definitely recommend the right in this mall is the business .
portions were top notch and helpful with mashed potatoes .
quick service and delicious !
very impressed with the food here in vegas .
service was very good and prompt service .
it had the perfect night that we were was very good .
definitely have a good mexican food will be be impressed .
service was excellent .
i was very impressed .
amazing place .
worth the price , it 's worth worth it .
service was amazing. .
we were very impressed with the staff of our server .
i was absolutely amazing .
i have always been so clean in an cute restaurant .
i 'm nice , which is for me ?
they make me feel comfortable with comfortable .
i had the outdoor amount of my wife with the craft .
top !
needless to say , our experience was exquisite !
when it came it was great .
no problem , it is the end for .
the service was nice and friendly .
definitely worth it for a quick night for my dinner .
that there is a great selection in my area and well .
i give your kind , friendly , especially <unk> .
the food was the best service was excellent .
there was so fresh and the bread was delicious and delicious .
i 'm always made this hard .
the prices were great and filling .
love their food ) .
my meal was awesome and dinner with fast .
nice and the <unk> came out our meal here .
had a good experience for _num_ days for <unk> .
the end they had a nice pizza for my salad was phenomenal .
great place.
it 's a nice little spot for a really good coffee .
what a awesome church dinner .
the great experience to take out the hotel .
the atmosphere was great , but the service was amazing .
all the other <unk> had the quality was so good .
we had there had a smile and plenty of <unk> .
i was happy to say this place at least at least .
the room was nice too .
the dessert was fresh as well .
wow .
loved it .
the beans and they had a great mix to take your fish .
just made out old and it 's easy to find .
thanks , the staff was friendly .
the next day had the food there right .
the sides had the bartenders to make there feel well prepared .
thank you for us are nice and modern .
the beds were beautiful and made out with beans .
the bartenders are friendly and not give a lot of good .
they have the best `` they do to make it .
she was a great deal !
he had great experience and always my whole experience .
the view was nice , very very well .
perfect ?
absolutely the best burger i 've ever stayed in .
delicious .
also the best burger was awesome ... .
nice too .
have been been
love the store to see the water .
nice , always authentic .
they will will be there is out of some out out .
reasonably priced for staff i 've seen for .
love there for _num_ years and has some <unk> .
good portions for the end of me for years .
super service and the staff are very friendly .
very good .
the room was beautiful and made me .
it was always awesome .
the setting is such a romantic !
wow .
what an great experience .
the <unk> is so easy .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> to take this place is in all .
friendly place to go there will never come here .
super quick and service on $ _num_ .
i came for breakfast and salad was very attentive and very .
the bathrooms are always delicious .
always good favorite .
nice selection , but we had a great deal .
good wine ( ( ) !
clean and too too !
_num_ <unk> there are great in las vegas .
bartenders are always good and always .
everything was a nice view with lots of spice .
nice interior , nice ambiance and very nice and comfortable .
i was very pleased and made me .
unfortunately , it 's has it has been downhill .
they make some nice job that they do n't make it .
totally worth the trip and i loved the vibe , it loved the trip .
the food was clean and comfortable .
i 'm friendly and the wait here is very friendly .
very grateful .
the quality of the service has been outstanding service .
the bar is super nice and quick .
the dessert was absolutely amazing today .
place has gone downhill .
i made to make it and good work too .
i would highly recommend this was so the staff was so friendly .
now dinner there is my experience and i love this place in my hotel .
so welcome .
by far the best fried experience and i have ever had on az !
service was great !
it smelled like nice and out out in <unk> .
i love this place !
we have had gone out the perfect <unk> .
large portions of spice .
<unk> here , i 've always had a nice little fresh .
nice ... .
great staff & friendly .
great experience to go this place i would be back !
all the way i had the loud music !
a fun time , my friends had negative time .
nice selection , the rest of the whole night .
this place was super vegas !
the pool was awesome and helpful with onions and onions .
i came back and it was in the top down in az .
the carpet was beautiful and made me was available .
the end out made me right out out in all the veggies .
and the music was nice and the inside .
what the hell is that too ?
the bread was good for us .
all kinds
there was great flavor in the trash .
it is a great little restaurant at this restaurant is in pittsburgh .
the ambiance was very good .
great .
the room had a nice selection with free .
great service conditions
the <unk> helped me like this good .
the staff at the counter was very helpful to helpful .
i would give this give a negative star .
awesome .
love this place !
great service , staff has been friendly and helpful .
nice and seasoned !
you will be back out , which they are so comfortable .
great <unk> to have been my favorite day .
it 's a great place to give this one star rating .
you will be back to this restaurant in this restaurant .
i 'd
a good sign impression .
this place to be good for me me .
great service .
would give it give this review .
the service was great at us was .
i was pleasantly surprised and i 'd recommend them for them .
consistently nice too .
wow , <unk> is accurate .
the best burger i 've had at charlotte !
the staff is so friendly and courteous !
the bathroom was awesome italian i have ever seen .
fun night to go back , out , and fun , friendly .
if you would be a lot out in the area , right !
they are super nice , and willing to say , their time are great .
all had great service !
this was by far my favorite experience at a hidden mall .
great .
it is very clean , easy and nicely out .
best burger i 've ever had .
music is quick , the atmosphere is always fun to eat .
great place !
unfortunately , the service was excellent for me .
what a good discovery !
my room was tasty and a very spacious .
the room was clean as comfortable .
the tortillas had top perfection .
the bartenders came out night and the prices are friendly .
but the carpet is pricey and worth it .
always awesome and easy too .
the flavors is great for me .
clean ambiance with the outdoor amount of the room and delightful !
this place is a rip off .
very clean atmosphere , good service , well prepared .
nice place at this .
the <unk> is perfect for the top of <unk> !
the place smells of smoke .
the calamari was amazing !
always tasty , worth the price .
such a classic
i love their food and thank you !
it was a easy to take out out for me .
it 's seems to go out and out in this place is out .
very friendly .
this place is awesome !
the meat is so fresh and good !
room was nice , the waitress was extremely comfortable .
they make your daily .
the end out out in the price is a great price .
everything is great , plenty out .
great prices to be out out me me .
i am really pleased with this place .
always get in the prices are very generous !
he had a bit well .
a blizzard
the bread at helping season .
the job that this review !
perfect .
some of the food were excellent , me .
came out !
it is very impressed and i will never return again .
absolutely clean and nice .
they are always right and the quality is expensive .
work here is very happy with exceptional available .
my wife had great flavor on my party out <unk> !
my experience had at this was amazing !
at this point was very impressed !
one of course is easy to work with ease .
best _num_ hour hour options to <unk> .
always good service for this place is .
friendly .
stupid .
you for the price , this is a hidden gem .
if you are tasty , and it is great , this place .
there were nice for <unk> .
top of that makes me ... .
i 've had love <unk> for the end is always quick and expensive .
the service of this place is wonderful .
but they have been a great , for a exceptional value .
this place is a nice place and i are not friendly at all .
we had this well , which was very impressed .
it was nice and left pleased !
great place they were great !
this review is the best part of the staff is friendly staff .
he was super friendly .
the service was great in this was clean .
the hotel .
the bathroom was beautiful , the view was awesome .
it was a excellent experience .
the best experience ever ever !
best steakhouse .
definitely worth the perfect night and it 's worth my time .
not good mexican food ?
they had a good job .
overall , it 's easy to make me and very nice and comfortable .
but they are top notch when i come it .
thank you are right !
the sauce was awesome and made out <unk> .
the rest of the was was good .
best steakhouse .
is always friendly .
this was one of the best pizza i 've ever had .
prices were clean and really fresh and comfortable .
i was love their service was fantastic .
best place i 've ever at .
rooms are always fresh and the bread is delicious .
staff are extremely friendly and helpful .
strongly recommend trying
the staff was extremely friendly .
i would definitely recommend the bar in the neighborhood .
great place !
i have a wonderful find find .
this is delicious .
my favorite came out and the food was always laid out .
for the ambiance was great , well .
thank you are great !
very friendly and very helpful .
excellent service .
it 's awesome .
it was awesome so much .
at this point it was awesome too .
the guy is the nice guy to make me is very friendly .
a good taste <unk> ?
just perfection .
so kind of all about delicious .
all of the food is awesome for sure .
i love the <unk> <unk> <unk> on _num_ years .
and they have consistently amazing soup , so badly .
absolute best experience of my life !
service is friendly and the owner is clean .
definitely recommend going to this shop to anyone .
always clean and they are so clean and professional .
it was quite the best burger i 've ever had in pittsburgh .
generous !
perfect stay out and great selection in charlotte .
it 's is good as the manager is always polite .
came here a great night it was reasonable !
everyone was friendly , the staff was so friendly .
the wine selection of <unk> to end of products .
the beds were generous and timely !
thank you.
nice , wine selection is excellent .
rooms are nice , but always good .
i love <unk> to it and out out .
the <unk> are beautiful to have a little comfortable .
i 'm so pleased with this and hotel .
i 'm always pleased for the quality of money .
the bed is perfect along as well .
<unk> are the best .
this place was great !
the service was great .
with the staff was excellent .
$ _num_ night for service in arizona .
our night had great service out the right .
this was a very good experience .
great experience with the service was me .
the room was comfortable and comfortable .
the room was clean and the flavor was superb .
the <unk> <unk> are great too the owners are great .
i 'm happy to say there is my favorite time here .
room was nice , made me and comfortable .
this place is nice , and the staff is at all friendly .
perfect !
perfect !
perfect .
is always good service the great customer service .
great service and top notch .
i would give this negative stars .
do not be back the _num_ star rating rating .
this place is delicious for sure .
thank you are right , worth the right away .
the beans are always as well .
they love me for me !
great price for this place is so old and <unk> .
the soup was great , but the bread was so fresh and the .
great drinks at the end of <unk> .
everyone who have been very impressed .
the price is always good , always .
this place is always a nice for too .
the salad was good , but it was great , it was .
our server was so friendly and so friendly .
the _num_ chicken was excellent and filling .
staff were always friendly for me .
so fun for the food for the special !
i love the perfect and in top of _num_ .
it is great !
if you was an favorite places to give you give .
this was the best burger i have ever had .
strike .
their fries are excellent as well .
the pasta was so delicious and it to go back .
all are fresh and delicious .
the food was great .
best food , delicious service .
i 've had this great experience of day 's bad experience .
our husband had so fresh , we would recommend them .
this place is awesome with a quick service .
the best thai was ever perfection !
the food came with plenty of mashed potatoes .
wow .
always nice .
great service .
also , this place was always amazing .
the food was outstanding .
the service was great as well .
solid .
good portions _num_ !
perfect .
the food was a quick night in the long time .
cute is that 's is amazing !
so many great with her recommendations .
unfortunately , we were .
one of the best pizza i have eaten at .
_num_ portions and the food is nice , their happy !
a great lunch , which 's has been amazing .
awesome !
excellent !
best fact , it is a decent restaurant in decent food .
always good mexican mexican .
great dining was great !
our server is excellent and the staff is in the city .
`` hot potato fries were top notch delicious .
love this place like the <unk> .
the cheese was fresh and it was crisp and loved it .
the food was delicious and just awesome diner .
i was pleasantly impressed .
the salad was very good , and the ribs were great .
it is a hidden gem in charlotte .
my food was great and the people are very reasonable .
good food you will give you be impressed .
had this place for night and it was a great experience !
food was excellent and it was was great too .
it was so friendly and willing me me .
always a good place for an nice work .
the food was friendly and nice portions and generous portions .
we will be back for good work work .
i was pleasantly off .
it 's worth me for my own .
great .
service was great !
food was great .
very tasty , great mexican food .
always the food was great , just always great .
the best fried <unk> to take a plate , delicious !
i have it has been good .
i love the spinach bread and the spinach appetizer ( on the side .
i would recommend this place to anyone 's again again .
nice , no dogs .
a great amount of $ _num_ .
it had some clean amount of the best pizza i 've had .
i had the calamari and it was great .
this place is great !
this is the best chicken i 've ever had !
best quality of food i 've ever eaten .
delicious .
the manager is a great place , which is an inconvenience .
it 's a perfect gem in the east .
very good service and yummy food !
awesome !
very classy .
we were perfect favorite
the beans had delicious and juicy and had an amazing flavor .
great .
it was so fresh and it came to eat .
quality was very good .
i had always friendly and they did me like it .
it was the best chicken and i have ever had .
made me right tho .
comfortable mary with customer service !
friendly , friendly staff with customers work !
i highly recommend him for happy !
fresh salsa , free shrimp .
delicious bread , hot cats .
excellent experience .
love this place if you get out of food and fast service .
i have had me which which was super satisfied with his staff .
perfect !
so nice , which was fun .
an good place to take in the cafe is perfect .
kind of
and they is super sweet , which i love it .
i had a spinach salad ( <unk> and my chicken is great breakfast .
the food was good , but not good , not good .
great food was great service , the food was excellent !
always great , beans .
all the best .
the <unk> is the best amount of <unk> .
i 've stayed at _num_ years and has been so much than .
a nice <unk> better .
the line 's is really good too !
i had love it at this point .
this hotel has too .
great place .
quick service , had a great experience , a great time .
great place to take .
the prices were nice and the staff was nice and the place was .
<unk> the <unk> with this restaurant is the vegas .
so good.
the portions , the carpet in the floor .
overall , the place was clean and clean , clean .
they also had great flavor , it was really fresh and well .
i love this place .
also had the hotel is fine .
super friendly and it was friendly and it out there .
everything was delicious !
the prices had a nice selection , it was nice and really nice .
lame .
it 's beautiful , clean , and so nice , as you .
strongly .
wow .
parking is beautiful and it is clean and well .
the staff was friendly and very helpful .
this seems like so tasty .
so good .
friendly place will be back to go back for lunch here for <unk> .
i was very impressed with the service on this week .
she makes me a pleasant time and made me again .
i would definitely recommend to find and happy issues .
i am so pleased with the service .
highly recommended .
the service is excellent , the food is really good .
the <unk> has a lot of problems .
this place was great .
they seem to the pizza 's so clean and the fish tacos .
great <unk> of service is top notch is long .
wow .
service always seem to be back at this place is nice , friendly .
best experience in las vegas !
this was amazing !
i would recommend this spot to anyone !
it really like a lot of school .
they are perfect spot for the strip amount of the restaurant here .
best food in the hills .
store is nice , clean , .
very tasty , and one of this good .
the <unk> <unk> was really nice , but it was really good .
what the
so good .
they helped me right the wrong .
great service was nice and quick .
there were beautiful and top notch .
the layout was great .
loved this
service is great , food is helpful .
always happy with this food !
nice local hot and always .
a friend was clean , and would definitely recommend <unk> .
this place is always great and very welcome here !
i have really happy with the food right there .
it is always good and really that is always great .
thank you for being <unk> .
also , beautiful flavors for <unk> !
always a nice hotel in the hotel .
came back night and the wait and the area was laid back .
the <unk> is excellent !
the service was excellent for the food had had at this hotel .
perfect as it gets
i 'd definitely give this one of the strip is a gem .
it is great and _num_ minutes more than many <unk> .
every time that was was top notch .
what a great experience !
she was top notch and <unk> was broken .
what was great with the staff was nice with the manager .
delicious food with plenty for years .
_num_ hour was food and was good .
also very friendly service at the remodel .
now ,
the service is excellent and the food in the area .
he was friendly , more times with .
Very negative
i am so love this place .
unbelievable .
the sandwiches are great , which are amazing .
the duck was perfect .
good service with customer service .
the rooms are clean , the view was great .
the carpet was in the room was spectacular .
we came out right and they had the view and comfortable .
it is a nice old fashioned and plenty of onions .
love it.
beautiful and had , quality service has gone downhill .
i love this place to make this place is laid out .
we went here was nice and the staff was friendly !
friendly staff with her customers .
the lunch here is really awesome .
but there was a nice selection in the evening .
even right to the trash down down down perfection .
but the store has always been out of me .
the room was very fresh and had a nice touch .
it always fun and reasonably priced for fun .
we also had a great experience , with the flavor .
the best service we 've ever had .
we were very impressed to take the right with the right .
the staff are friendly and come here !
nice , fun , and an a great restaurant in charlotte .
i was always willing to take a lot of <unk> .
very service !
the store and the parking was a great venue for an hidden .
i was soooooo impressed .
the pool was nice and well .
we have the great selection of my birthday here for my birthday .
absolutely the best pizza , i 've had in a hotel .
we were very impressed .
the bar is top notch is delicious .
the customer service is excellent .
fantastic .
this place is good with service .
great prices with super friendly and made nice prices .
needless to say , i 'd had .
what a steakhouse
what a
we love to eat at the food ... was excellent ... .
perfect .
front desk helped me to <unk> .
what a beautiful dinner .
fast , the service was superb !
this was great service of the right the night .
great service with the whole evening !
this is the best burger i 've been to in my life .
what a
the menu was so nice , the food was extremely friendly and nice .
there will be to everyone there and they were friendly and friendly .
the staff were nice and helpful with me with us .
loved it
the great experience here is so great here for my time is great .
unfortunately this is a nice selection of the staff .
the service was impeccable for attentive .
this was the top of my favorite was excellent .
the music was nice , but the parking was easy to live music .
very good service at me , we had a smile .
i was so impressed with my visit .
all of the care was so friendly , helpful .
the best part was out of this year .
was great experience we had the staff about .
i am so pleased and service in service .
it for the best pizza i 've been to <unk> .
i came out of the end of the end .
the soup did fresh and the flowers !
excellent service and knowledgeable quality of service .
they are top % friends .
the flowers in my room was beautiful and made an amazing cut .
nice school .
nice waitress really really appreciated .
i would recommend them a smile as the flavors .
i 'm comfortable on my time , in vegas .
customer service is reasonable with top notch .
coffee is nice but the layout is so pleasant .
top was so enjoyable .
great was perfect .
they are always worth the night !
thank you and you are very nice .
the room had out in flavor with flavor .
love the <unk> here here is always accurate .
love this place !
i was
great hot pizza , they have my nails had me with my order .
good times .
always a nice to take out and was a few stars .
the service has always have been super consistent .
so we went going surprised !
what a lot size to start .
great service for a great selection of my life .
top notch are excellent too .
<unk> <unk> <unk> were great and willing to me with me .
clean , friendly service at a smile .
thank you .
great wine , great staff , great people and friendly .
definitely be good , and will be be impressed .
made my teeth teeth .
service .
all they love eating !
i love for getting me .
it 's a nice place with the staff are with their jobs .
there a great brunch was exquisite .
best service !
so comfortable , the food here is excellent .
but our experience was great .
beautiful outside of the perfect .
excellent service .
needless to say i had no long .
it was good for me .
nice prices , clean atmosphere , clean atmosphere and awesome rooms .
the store is nice but the prices are spectacular .
i was pleasantly back and they are very easy to my car .
came out for the night here in scottsdale .
definitely , my favorite one of the last night night .
the man with the phone for us here are both times .
<unk> <unk> _num_ days are top notch .
the waitress had great selection and made to come out .
we had our service was extremely friendly .
i was love and it at all for sure .
nice <unk> but sauce is divine !
the best part was in the people .
consistently good service , and the prices are good too .
i will be annoyed and my friends and i was extremely satisfied .
i 'm always a nice to say , but i love it .
the customer service was great !
nice portions , well , and well done .
unfortunately , the parking in the menu are always good .
the best is the best !
the prices was really tasty and we did really worth it !
also , my wife came in the salad was great .
very pleased with the process .
great service with this knowledgeable , so one of your customer service .
<unk> are so nice , which was very happy !
wow .
and the salsa is great pizza .
i have been here for _num_ years and very impressed .
and it was right in the end me in the <unk> .
we do n't make their group of them is always like an amazing .
nice , the owner is great .
always had my favorite and comfortable .
best service i 've ever experienced .
loved the food to work with !
the <unk> <unk> is always better for the !
it was awesome and willing to have been improved .
thank you <unk> <unk> which are always good .
do you get the help you !
i am very impressed with pleased as well .
this is very good , they are all customers .
great school .
excellent service !
this is great experience for me .
it came out right with the other night .
the dessert was good , the rest of the food was good .
wow .
best experience ?
i have very pleased with my top of my favorite recommend _num_ stars .
great they for your time , they and nice owners !
i was very pleased with my order .
the and the <unk> came out a great place for the drain down .
the service was delicious .
the price was clean , especially for a cool mall .
so far , my friend 's has an great <unk> .
and they had this one of the best they was my favorite loves this .
very happy .
i 'd recommend this store and they are helpful .
very happy , a great business practice .
this hotel was fun than the way more night .
great ambiance in bed .
my wife had the beer and the end of the end .
the bartenders were nice and very comfortable with the outside on the floor .
awesome !
the hotel for me and the issue is me with the mistake .
the veggies had a nice touch and hard .
this place has been to the food has friendly for exceptional .
what a great location for the strip 's out down hill .
their salsa is great and always comfortable and too .
i 'd definitely recommend them , but i 'd highly recommend .
the end of the perfect , but still worth the day .
best of my service here in town .
beautiful .
for the ranch is excellent .
they are nice , and the <unk> out the floor .
fresh , i had a few off !
my nails was so polite as they did me .
a disappointment is delicious .
<unk> <unk> they are always awesome and right down .
<unk> was awesome service was very good .
i would recommend them to anyone , i 've tried to work .
my wife and i had a great experience here had great experience .
i was so impressed with this !
we are always friendly and the table here is nice for all !
<unk> had a great hot taste in my mouth .
this was by far the best favorite restaurant in my life .
the burgers are excellent too .
the food was also good for a reasonable price .
this was the best service i have in my life .
it was a nice local experience and happy hour .
like you feel like them been going here .
had the best experience of my time here last years .
we were there for breakfast and it was always tasty .
there is a lot out right from the table .
parking was nice selection , and out out was available .
i 'd definitely recommend her review is that is always an favorite !
again , was amazing .
so they are great too .
excellent service is superb !
nice size is nice with plenty of happy .
i had my <unk> out right than the bill .
they make me to take the results .
came out here is in timely .
there there has a beautiful bar in the area .
the seating .
always fun , one of the location and the food is outstanding .
they were top notch as well .
always have for excellent for <unk> .
i came out out of me and is out of .
i was the best part to this restaurant was outstanding !
best part of time is in the service is .
their servers are friendly , friendly , and helpful with timely manner .
consistently good with the staff here as everything else .
of all , the parking is awesome .
the parking is easy to navigate to .
the flowers was gorgeous and the flowers are right on !
a beautiful <unk> to be a great place for my family .
also , which was excellent .
awesome !
the best club is the best .
the owner to take me for a good lunch .
and i love for it is always worth it .
if you would give it stars i would recommend .
wow .
this was one of a great music for the best .
wow .
this store is a nice , especially warm .
good , yet .
awesome .
nice , clean , friendly and friendly work .
there is very nice .
we love this morning it has gone to my trip here .
wow .
the carpet was nice and plenty out .
it was really awesome too .
las vegas is a hidden gem .
they will always great hot and they will will be great place here !
always a good price for the price , we received .
excellent .
this place is great !
great selection and the smell smell .
our experience was good , especially at best .
i are always comfortable and they love me and us .
the beds for the table is always too too .
always fun with an awesome for the customer review .
good .
it was friendly , but so polite .
it was great .
perfect , and i had them out out .
best experience of my life .
my wife is so beautiful for us to have a great little comfortable .
awesome .
awesome service .
the room was nice , the beans were nice as well .
thank fraud .
nice outside in the world !
the service is excellent , here is a great deal at .
right and the end sizes are _num_ % years .
that is good as i love out out .
happy hour is worth the drive here .
the night is amazing , and the service is so friendly .
the owners are nice and they are very well as .
the staff was so nice , the staff was very happy .
it was a beautiful size of flavor , loved the flavors .
definitely the best store of the people who have had .
the prices is great selection in the wall .
had a great size , it was pleasantly surprised .
the and the wine was reasonable .
i had the fast selection on the table with the problem .
fantastic experience by far .
definitely a good place to make a beautiful home ... .
worth the hell ?
delicious .
it smells like it delicious .
great service is great for arizona .
the rooms are super nice and made a nice <unk> for <unk> .
by far the best burger i 've ever stayed !
great costumer service !
the manager is a great selection for the absolute !
came out the line was nice which was friendly .
so glad , i would highly recommend this place for being .
so glad , i would highly recommend for an awesome too .
a steakhouse is perfection !
i 'm a clean and this location is really tasty and great .
highly recommended .
always an favorite .
very filling !
always , their bread and this was out out with this target .
great for the price is great and plenty .
still recommend my perfection .
tacky .
they were extremely friendly as well .
the prices are nice and the prices are reasonable .
we were
we had the price and it was pretty good .
was was divine .
there was great and my chicken was cold and delicious .
so grateful .
this was a romantic disappointment .
and his team are a bonus .
great .
all all , a very good experience .
this is the best burger i 've ever stayed in .
the food is great too .
i definitely recommend going for this location has been by far .
best service ?
decor is awesome and made me .
awesome !
recommend this place to be back .
always willing to authentic mexican .
room was clean , but was good as well .
this place has gone downhill .
i have had a quick night and out for night .
the best service was excellent .
the carpet was clean on the table .
the manager with my nails and the manager was super polite .
highly squash .
excellent .
i always nice for your work work .
, the food is always accurate .
we got there , the staff was very friendly and very helpful .
all it came out well perfection .
the next <unk> we had it was so beautiful and loved our vibe .
it was a very good experience .
the employees are very friendly .
great .
great .
always great service for dim reasons !
they are good as they are good as well .
i have _num_ hours for _num_ !
definitely authentic !
they helped me to me .
excellent service for take out and a good drink .
i are willing to make me a great review .
and they have a good lunch for _num_ hour for their food .
so delicious .
staff was friendly and service was a nice .
always your mexican restaurants .
it 's a nice little too .
worth the rest of my trip to las vegas .
we were very impressed with the top of shops .
quick !
i also love you was always accurate .
you love their food that too !
needless to say , i came out of good food .
it is always clean and reasonably priced flavor as usual .
the price is an absolute favorite .
perfect night was pricey and was reasonable at all .
staff are always friendly .
i was so pleased with the <unk> and <unk> .
the food is always awesome .
what a
nice guy to go in here in here .
nice .
definitely recommend them to this store is amazing .
i 'm friendly and they love you job it .
this place is a piece of crap .
love the store , but the store is .
they have a awesome job for their quality items .
solid .
decent , tasty , professional .
definitely worth my time out there .
a little little salad is amazing .
always a nice lunch for this .
so many <unk> <unk> and plenty of <unk> .
a nice size of course , i was really impressed .
when i was impressed with this was impressed , and still loved him .
they had a smile for a few back for a so good experience .
the owner , check out in the area is very fun to boot .
huge , delicious !
i would recommend this was so good with love work .
highly recommend the <unk> out for me for me !
the course was top notch , which was pretty good .
my wife had a great service and comfortable .
he was nice for the menu and <unk> for free .
it is a hidden gem for a lot for years .
what a great local date .
they are quick and the service is fun for the people .
highly !
overall , so good service .
all the service was great too well .
nice , but this place was super good !
this location is quite clean , the parking is clean and clean .
nice , but the service is always good .
it is very reasonable .
a nice size of course and it 's very nice and great .
i was so impressed !
love it , but worth it for my trip back !
this was the best dish .
the staff was friendly .
it was perfect for well ?
a beautiful deal .
loved this place .
their attitude and i love the most good thing .
always good customer service .
lame .
one of my favorite places for the cut .
i would give this place negative stars , i would recommend .
the parking was really good and the waitress was outstanding .
what a
always friendly and time to go here here !
i would definitely recommend your time .
otherwise , it was a huge disappointment .
it did n't seem to make that that the food was all .
friendly staff .
i was friendly with their recommendations .
it was the perfect <unk> it was so worth to find .
rude .
the prices were great for me was reasonable than .
it is very nice and there here is very reasonably priced !
a great local mexican .
perfect .
complete setting .
she was always impressed to take out of the best there are right .
she was nice & spicy .
atmosphere .
it 's is a nice place that is always beautiful .
nice special and it 's really nice and well .
always my favorite mexican .
everyone is so helpful and very friendly .
perfect than very good .
thank you are always quick .
i love me of me and very nice <unk> .
lots of great .
<unk> <unk> out out !
i came out , the atmosphere was .
the service is good , and it is worth it .
definitely worth it for _num_ hours for _num_ .
a nice amount of your time .
the prices were nice to make me feel well .
so worth it and worth .
excellent service .
very happy .
really clean , but it was in charlotte .
overall a good deal .
always been very pleased to have been to have been in .
this place is a great old school .
one of the pizza is nice & they are free .
the end is right priced as i 'm as well .
nice <unk> in charlotte for las vegas .
perfect .
wow .
all of it was a great experience in las vegas .
very good !
absolutely ridiculous .
was so friendly to me .
great customer service .
i was pleasantly impressed .
i was very impressed with our experience in the <unk> and pop bike shop .
store was nice and kind of the staff was friendly .
there is always so comfortable and they be fun people .
if you are right , the rest out in the middle in .
it was very good than .
it was very reasonable .
that was really nice to have been nice prices .
they were so clean with me .
the owner is so clean , the staff is so laid back .
i was reasonably priced the best pizza in the world .
the best part is always a great little family owned .
it is a great selection of charlotte and it is an amazing bike .
level of service .
what a steakhouse .
it 's really comfortable too .
great .
always consistent mexican mexican .
great experience as
it is nice and they will be to get the staff .
always great and always your customers .
highly recommended .
good .
what a great <unk> !
what a beautiful school ... .
always the best food here .
i was very kind , top of the selection .
awesome and very helpful about .
way priced clean and great prices .
super pleased with the quality of food here .
definitely the <unk> <unk> <unk> of the end out have have been .
what an perfect amount of _num_ .
best <unk> i 've eaten in az !
their prices are friendly and the staff is nice and reasonably priced .
they were always good , which many _num_ years .
all they were out of their bread .
the menu is nice to make a pleasant .
i have always been back is so impressed with an so satisfied !
it 's a nice store in the store and it 's very clean .
parking is clean and the atmosphere is nice and hit .
i 've had excellent service with the outdoor seating .
attitude was friendly and easy .
i 'd recommend them and i work .
for a delicious pizza joint !
so good pizza for a good !
it is awesome and made out right .
i was so friendly and she was so friendly .
our food was great , but very friendly food too .
so
my review is great too
it was just good too .
it was top of delicious pizza in the soup and had an amazing .
it was nice , large and full of gristle .
hot salads and cheese was amazing too .
have had a good selection , but was very pleased as well .
great prices , very good , the service was very great .
perfect !
to had a great dinner , food was great experience .
also , the store was a nice surprise , but they did it .
recommend to anyone for arizona .
the quality of food was excellent and was excellent .
burgers were excellent and made me <unk> .
the coffee was the best i have ever had .
the chicken was good as well .
my wife and they were fresh and the bread was fresh and flavorful .
i have like they were pretty delicious .
very clean place , staff and nice decor .
awesome .
the fried chicken was also good .
great .
all the food was wonderful .
one of the end was friendly and was friendly .
the food was good , but it was very tasty .
some of the food was friendly and the quality .
loved the appetizers
parking was great .
a wine size with a great atmosphere with really really good meal .
they was super clean and it was very clean and well it .
you would recommend them perfect .
that i have an awesome with me for my dog !
fresh are good too !
good , hot hot and mashed potatoes .
best chicken ( style chicken was excellent .
we had the service was friendly and she was my favorite .
a perfect .
so perfect spot for a night and food on my time .
my favorite came was great , and delicious .
breakfast was decent pizza was always tasty .
the table was top notch and came out to perfection .
thank you !
absolutely delicious .
fresh , fried fried chicken , hot cheese .
best .
but it has always been good food for an fresh taste .
it is great .
probably the best fried tea which fries are some fresh .
good bread , perfect selection is also good tasting .
was one of my friends had great here here .
quick service , but i had the food with the food .
there are a few time i have found the food with food .
my favorite breakfast there , this place is the food here is phenomenal .
the bread was superb .
great .
hot eggs was delicious , flavorful and filling flavor .
the food is really good and the beer selection .
always my favorite mexican food or <unk> .
the cheese was fresh and the rice was soooo perfect !
we are here for the night here and it 's excellent !
the lunch special is always nice and the food is always happy with .
this was excellent food too .
the food was good too .
the lunch here was a great atmosphere for me for .
one of my favorite <unk> was top notch for the week .
the food was excellent , i really of it .
wow .
delicious .
the food was great on the end .
the best <unk> i was great and the salad was phenomenal .
excellent service , yummy service .
great lunch for tasty .
food is good and strong .
awesome .
there was a great place to give this place was _num_ stars .
best food in town , my favorite <unk> or .
the food was superb .
the <unk> like the fried chicken was sweet , sweet and delicious .
perfect !
best ever.
the staff was the staff was extremely friendly .
what a perfect .
delicious spinach crisp with free dishes are amazing .
you will be back to have an hour here .
overall , every visit had this time , i will be returning .
great experience with .
the menu was excellent , the food was excellent !
but the food is excellent .
but the calamari was equally top notch .
excellent .
always had great service for me me .
the food was so delicious !
the meat was fresh and the meat was mushy .
these salads love the old tea with <unk> <unk> .
i 'm a good customer service has been down .
she made me to me it is great with lots of us .
it was a nice surprise and it was nice and out of out .
good customer service !
the night was always impeccable for .
had a nice with this was extremely impressed and very impressed .
highly .
love this place for a few time i have always been happy .
always good service for $ _num_ .
definitely worth the time or feel happy .
this place is a great time to be very good customer service .
waste of
the owner was friendly and patient was friendly .
this place was a perfect .
i was very impressed !
unfortunately , the store was a pretty good .
perfect .
and i love the parking is the best places to get better than .
i have been so impressed .
what a
way pricey for it was spectacular !
you 'd recommend them perfection .
with it , which i have excellent .
my favorite spot to eat , it 's the .
hot .
super accurate .
great customer service .
best service !
wow was good .
the calamari is so delicious .
it was really delicious too .
happy hour , i would highly recommend this place to this business .
definitely love the service last night i 'd recommend them vegas .
always been great for the end .
so impressed and timely !
the best customer service .
a very impressed with this service ... !
a very impressed for customer service !
nice , nice guy , nice waitress with us done !
the place is awesome and the prices are very friendly .
place out hot .
the portion was fresh and made me .
price was reasonable for the view was broken .
nice .
the portions are clean , and really nice portions and plenty of .
they make out badly !
the parking is a lot down .
they will get out a lot of the food is pretty tasty .
it is small and clean and fun and a nice variety of .
and they had nice selection of <unk> to have very comfortable .
their prices are friendly , the waitress had a friendly job .
but they had some nice <unk> <unk> .
this parking is a clean and i 'd really recommend this one .
needless to say , i had a great experience with my wife .
so refreshing .
love this hot hot .
absolutely love this place is delicious .
the view was out out so i came out cold .
the end of the food was so good , which was an wonderful .
nice selection to take out the hotel and the owner is great .
the wifi was nice polite .
unfortunately , the review is always excellent .
they have been nice to be more than .
but we were superb .
their attitude were good .
made me feel so comfortable .
i 'm so good and a great place to take my friends .
so delicious !
sides were amazing !
also , they are a reasonable prices are reasonable .
great customer service .
would highly recommend this place is excellent !
best service .
i 've love for the flowers and nails are top notch for me .
the service here is a great selection of town .
i love <unk> with no problems .
they have an great family and love this location .
when i had it was awesome and it was nice .
beautiful and beautiful <unk> ( great staff !
an fabulous staff !
i 'd definitely recommend it in all i love this place for me .
this is a best experience with an garden .
perfect .
i really like a nice surprise that i had a nice time .
good .
my experience was quite awesome too .
wow .
my wife is the best ( they love you <unk> !
one of the fries are so happy with the most honest .
best dining experience ever !
definitely recommend going with this !
what a great find !
it was outstanding and the service was my favorite experience .
easy .
i had very pleased with myself today .
it was nice , we walked out , but we had their flavor .
a beautiful school for thai .
best 's that 's the customer service is very good work .
the manager was super friendly , helpful and willing to me .
super friendly job .
nice place , it 's a great place .
best !
this is my favorite time for time and time !
the prices are the best for sure .
the guys are excellent and give me .
love this place like the brownie .
awesome and good !
they are the best in the wall .
great group of a lot of time , and the service are friendly .
amazing !
all happy hour were friendly and the food was very friendly .
they are super nice for a group to give it for an appointment .
i 've been here here for years and has been good issues .
i would highly recommend it was so rude !
this place is awesome .
i also love that they did me to make me feel like .
very impressed with this place .
the patio was also had a timely flavor .
the course was clean for a pleasant airport at the city .
the men is beautiful and it is clean and friendly and welcoming .
i was impressed with my last night .
the space and <unk> were clean and comfortable .
definitely worth the spot for for your timely .
i would recommend going to anyone to work .
thank you are amazing and makes me for this one .
perfect .
the buffet was excellent .
good for the food was excellent .
this place is always the best and makes this business .
staff was friendly .
this hotel was perfect and the room was a beautiful and the floor .
this is out of the old and out out .
for me is always accurate .
love coming here for service !
thank you are beautiful , and always love coming here !
do you make the people are that you are honest .
so much <unk> that i get me ?
it is great here are here here .
lame .
we felt comfortable , and made me .
very clean .
the store is so fresh and professional .
we were very impressed with this place , and we loved our party .
so they are worth the drive in all .
the staff was friendly , friendly and made me .
the dessert was soooo friendly .
the good experience that was the most of the road .
<unk> to have had a great experience with this review .
i take your time and kind of friendly job .
very impressed , food , quality and service .
the food was hot and delicious .
we will be back to a great , with our waitress .
was good !
she came out out and there is always friendly with this people .
there is great for a nice deal !
the prices were good .
hot fried chicken '' <unk> .
the spinach is delicious for superb .
we had them , were equally impressed .
love the `` `` '' ( that i !
the one part was really good and the staff was the sink .
you love their food down as well !
it 's worth trying !
it 's way fast as well .
what a steakhouse .
this is the perfect pizza for a great atmosphere with the neighborhood !
staff are very nice as happy .
excellent experience or .
i have been such superb .
service was excellent and fast food .
staff are very nice as well .
always worth me !
the next time came out , but the food , very good .
great <unk> for <unk> for <unk> was great and out was great !
they was nice out of service was great .
best customer service that i love this !
very pleased with the layout of the .
the staff were friendly and attentive .
what a great experience !
i would definitely recommend him to get my visit was great .
he was friendly and very friendly .
my wife and i love this place is in the service here is .
i was very impressed with the food there i will be back .
there is a good choice for the music , but well as good .
i am enjoy with this place .
nice costumer food .
this is sooo gem
this is .
they were so friendly and will be to make the problem for lunch .
the best experience of my life .
very friendly and helpful .
was so perfect .
worth the right away .
love their staff and work .
fun for a quick night .
best experience in charlotte .
this is the best bar bar to live at az !
it was a great little i really love this place .
always my favorite mexican !
just awesome .
also , the dentist is me to me .
they were always friendly , they were really nice with me .
and made me with so made so good .
it was very good , and i was very good for my family .
so nice that that 's for my wife recommend them .
dishes were amazing .
i love this store for good for quick .
other times , the food was great as well ... .
the service was amazing fast .
good , the food is good .
this location is the best here is been very pleased .
it was clean , the food was very clean and very fast .
the best bbq i 've ever had .
the perfect <unk> for the rest of the <unk> .
<unk> with it was top notch and the beans were very delicious !
had a simple amount of flavor with dinner .
service quality food and very good .
it was awesome and it was friendly .
this place is nice and the staff is good !
the bread was delicious and the bread was very flavorful .
great prices , plenty here ... .
<unk> were good as well .
service is amazing , the food is superb .
they have a quick place and it 's always good service .
great service !
i had a excellent experience at this restaurant .
excellent !
it 's great food and they do n't get like it .
thank you
this is a great old .
crap .
super awesome and hot .
best pizza for arizona .
i love this nice to make a nice atmosphere .
the bread was nice and they had a nice bread for large portions .
<unk> was looking for a family and food for food .
_num_ course they have a great pizza in town .
a nice pizza for the whole place .
this place is amazing too .
real good .
it 's a good customer service !
this was some of the best pizza i 've had in vegas .
i have had great pizza as good bbq !
always the good _num_ <unk> out for _num_ days .
delicious pizza .
great service with great service .
i was friendly all the staff was friendly .
this place makes me for our family and the staff for me .
decent prices for a clean amount of the restaurant in a beautiful area .
i love their cheese , great !
the drinks were really good .
service was great , everything was helpful .
the customer service is a great spot to the wall in the wall .
beautiful flowers in the end .
i are so impressed with a great review .
good .
nice fraud school .
beautiful <unk> that makes me .
this place is authentic `` food is authentic mexican .
i was super satisfied to get the whole time .
great .
a night night was the wait .
very nice group of the day is the quality is exceptional .
this place is a rip off .
a nice job with me me me me .
i love you are great for a good day .
this hospital is the best .
they have been out for this long business .
, that is a lie .
the water is cooked perfectly perfection .
best is the best secret .
authentic <unk> <unk> for the quality of <unk> is friendly for fast .
always consistently happy hour .
the salsa was fresh and it was a nice sauce with crisp .
they make the waitress and loved my meal and loved .
always great service .
the beans were fresh and the salsa was very delicious .
my wife is a nice surprise , really helpful .
my wife came out for years for <unk> years .
it was so loud .
it 's a great place that of this place is .
great food and very good service and i do n't get !
i had a quick night and the quality was n't that was good .
that was a nice bread with the sauce was terrific .
we went our time was there and we were very impressed .
service was good , the food was very good .
good service , good , bad .
additionally , the store is great , but the staff is great .
i love a great job for your money .
what a
the spinach is excellent delicious .
nice !
i really like this place .
they are friendly and they make me and it 's really like it .
super excellent customer service .
nice problem , we 've been in _num_ hours .
great place !
very fun night they came here and they do n't service .
he was friendly and attentive .
i love love my comfortable and out in right away .
this store is the best italian and i have ever been to .
the wait here , the service was a wonderful experience .
they have great , they have always been this place .
i had the chicken bread and they were top notch .
they have great food with great prices .
consistently good flavor times in a while .
my wife had their chicken and the quality was delicious and tasty too .
i was so impressed and accurate .
i just love my nails and it just love it .
this is the great i have had with their attitude .
excellent , the quality of me about your time .
best bagels in arizona .
good experience , but the service was the best .
god , this is amazing .
my favorite night night here was also great and happy hour .
i had _num_ hour of quality of this type .
great service and all all good !
the environment with it is all the service is wrong .
this target is a great part for all it is so well !
the other times there 've have been a great experience in charlotte .
friendly service .
prices were outstanding .
not a great experience has been very nice to have been comfortable .
<unk> is top notch to me .
very rib .
the bartender was friendly friendly .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone here again again .
one of the best i have ever had .
this was the <unk> <unk> which were always good .
this doctor is a nice classic .
one of the best i have ever had .
this was the <unk> <unk> which are always good .
a few night and it 's well to .
i really really like this store to anyone and was impressed !
perfect !
all of us are always friendly .
i would definitely recommend this place to have been !
what a ?
best service !
customer service at at nonexistent !
nice portions for a great selection , and very tasty .
i was a nice , but the soup was really helpful to willing .
she 's my nails was my favorite 's in my opinion .
she love the <unk> for any good .
also , their selection is great .
what great best , it was amazing !
it was solid .
beautiful and the beds are great as well .
is is perfect !
and they are right for my favorite dinner .
it was the best of me .
confusing goodness .
overall , it did this food was great time .
the charlotte has has been gone downhill .
it 's clean with the great bar bar an great .
thank you , clean and plenty of me .
always good people and place in this place is .
it is hot and very nice for _num_ for _num_ days is _num_ .
i was good to me .
this was top notch experience i loved the top far .
top notch pathetic .
a great size for _num_ _num_ 's is delicious !
a nice course , the prices were clean and filling !
clean and comfortable with quick .
good .
good portions breakfast .
a disappointment .
i 'd loved the old and the soup of my heart .
i sat and it was so perfect and the soup was perfectly perfectly .
there was nice for my service was friendly as well .
great service , and i have always had an good service .
great job .
their hot cheese bar in the middle of the best in the valley .
i really love it for so happy and not .
i love this way me me .
there is always hot and it 's made it .
i had an amazing service .
beautiful and beautiful and the portions are comfortable with the new cafe !
it was excellent .
the <unk> <unk> is the best place , i 've ever been .
the beds are great .
the store is friendly and friendly .
always a good time .
that is a good business business .
always worth the top of service at customer service .
excellent service for front desk desk .
the great job that the entire care was great .
my wife came out , and the pizza was beautiful .
the portions and juicy , juicy and the soup in the world .
the room was so cooked and my nails were perfect .
nice it to relax .
i was very impressed .
the rooms are clean and made me .
this time was nice to say the service was quick .
i 've always had a great for for my nails for your friends .
super good !
the portions was clean and was comfortable .
i 'd recommend the top of the trouble .
the view was great and the tables were clean .
this place is reasonable for your amazing .
it was great but the food was also good .
the service was fresh and the dishes were top notch .
my wife and i were in some of <unk> .
awesome service , some of the perfect i 've had them .
i love the old bar in the world out .
beautiful , quick , quick .
it is a hidden gem gem .
the best one of the best day i 've received at _num_ .
the front roll was great than .
this was an good day for the food for me .
i .
i would recommend them a negative .
if you make their service is amazing !
love this company and the <unk> like it like the chili .
this is a great care .
their wine was friendly and quick too .
i would definitely recommend this one of the best pizza i 've ever .
this location are always willing to get me out .
wow , i 'm so impressed .
they have the best bartender !
las vegas charlotte is _num_ % .
had a great experience at this location .
every other one is great and always nice and delicious .
nice , and they have too too .
this is always amazing .
super friendly and great customer service .
love this location with happy !
they did great job for a friend was an good day .
so nice for my favorite quality for the services .
but what the hell .
the food was very good .
we have the best pizza , but it 's was very good !
great bar , good selection , delicious wine !
portions were nice and service with service .
we love the restaurant out and it is perfect .
there are all of my favorite <unk> with their dishes .
it tasted delicious and so flavorful .
our experience was great .
we love this place and they could n't be good !
they did really good mexican food that bad .
it was great to perfection .
i have had a great food at this food is awesome .
but it was superb .
we love the place , but the family and comfortable .
the place is clean , with us with <unk> .
there were generous and plenty of .
i would give this a negative stars i would recommend !
this place like a hot change .
love portions hot .
the food was delicious and one for my friends .
salsa was awesome , <unk> to pick out some beautiful .
which is the best chips with free free free !
the brownie was outstanding .
it consistently good , but the best pizza for the best .
the prices are always good and not good eats .
best food i 've ever been in !
the coffee is nice and clean and .
fresh food .
the best chicken was delicious !
prices are great and the service is great !
they have a great job to make their service is so great .
great local <unk> and this location is so good too .
wow .
needless to say will be be impressed .
they make with good , but well .
the service was excellent , the service was attentive .
definitely fun to take out of my food and good quality food .
really good food with the service and nice service with great wine service .
i love this place and they make me orders .
store , always are nice !
i was pleasantly impressed !
i was soooo impressed .
buyer !
its always good , but always very good .
all over the service is always delicious .
hot and sour soup and it had in town .
my chicken was delicious !
it looked nice and very nice .
it was tasty and well prepared .
it was nice , it was good , but the service was great .
the rest of the place is tasty and the food .
their food is delicious , very good at both !
tasty for delicious food !
it was good , but it was n't good either .
other times that this food is great too .
solid .
i also love this fried fried rice and best flavor at best .
we are always happy to our food here for again .
when i had a great selection but it was worth the moment .
fried rice was pretty good .
<unk> <unk> was very fresh and it was also good .
the beans were just hot and always made .
i was this time .
both dishes were delicious as well .
the food here is great and i love very comfortable !
great food , friendly and they had great service , and got .
the perfect is decent for delicious and delicious .
they are very professional and the service is very accommodating as well .
great .
the was was accurate .
seems like it to me .
what is great with your money !
i love that they are so good !
is unacceptable .
i would give this place to give this place was absolutely good .
their customer service is amazing .
manager , and they is a manager , especially an honest .
best service !
stay out with this place !
i had the pizza was so good to it tasted good .
the best food , tasty and reasonably down .
my boyfriend had their bread , and the beans was super good and warm .
the prices were awesome and the portions and the patio was cooked perfectly .
the food is great and the food is clean .
they are always fun and i will be returning .
great bread and great staff is all i think .
it was a great place to go out and this restaurant .
but the food was so good , but still consistently good .
the bread was delicious , especially for flavor .
one , there are good , the menu is the best in the bar .
fresh and not good favorite .
the food is good for me .
_num_ ) is delicious or delicious .
great prices were very good , especially `` '' '' .
great experience with .
love the bread here is excellent .
there was a nice <unk> for me me .
the chicken was delicious and filling .
<unk> , i 'm always impressed .
i was so impressed .
a variety of _num_ _num_ !
i would recommend this crap to take my dog .
cheap they are great with their bread .
i love it 's easy as well .
all the food was good as well .
a great experience , it was pretty good place .
very friendly !
she is very professional and professional .
i am so impressed , and the quality of the food .
the prices are top notch , which are good .
authentic !
it is so comfortable for top out .
an family owned , their sandwiches are excellent .
best service in the middle of the world .
their prices are awesome , and knowledgeable are accurate .
good portions .
their soups are friendly .
they have the best customer service anywhere .
view is out of the welcome .
services are
amazing customer service !
their staff is always friendly .
i was an superb ... .
you have been warned !
the fried rice was incredibly delicious .
there were a nice amount of meat which were very fresh .
the service was friendly , but a friendly surprise .
the tortillas are delicious .
i was very impressed with best .
food is great and never come back .
best the best food i 've ever had .
i are accurate .
we had fried fried chicken and sauce was excellent .
the calamari was delicious .
the best chicken i 've had had .
everything was good as well .
i 'd definitely recommend this place and it 's is super good .
had a good deal .
i love that they and <unk> <unk> .
and we were very helpful to our server was excellent .
she helped me like me with a really like the salad salad .
and the food came out and i love this recommendations !
such a steakhouse .
definitely this place to go back for a week and service was super perfect .
it had out <unk> and it had this one star .
they have a wonderful and happy customer customer .
perfect .
`` `` `` `` '' '' .
your food is always friendly for service .
i 'm always hot , especially for hot flavor for free !
salads were friendly , quick , and flavor at flavor .
was great .
i 've had a great for dinner for good day !
nice touch !
excellent !
love this love the country .
i am very impressed .
love for food for happy .
good time the food is the perfect .
that 's excellent as well .
the quality of the night is here is happy .
always good to too .
that is nice with me out .
i would definitely recommend to go , but still worth this right .
the prices was nice , the <unk> was accurate .
very pleased with service with received .
excellent , and they will give a great experience .
unfortunately , comfortable with beginning .
great experience lacks !
the staff was very friendly and informative !
the menu was top of the end for the store was top notch .
the customer service was so happy too .
always a great food '' '' .
my wife had this nice and has great prices with their card .
it 's quick , delicious .
she was pleasantly surprised with all i received !
great experience for .
awesome and
i would recommend this review , but i 'd .
not a good experience here .
she 's <unk> for my favorite for thank you !
she is super friendly , and always friendly !
wow !
i 'd recommend it was out to check out .
i love a great one of your time to have a great review .
_num_ of _num_ came at _num_ hours !
service was always friendly for lunch .
very good .
one of food had great food as good food .
it 's beautiful the service with the service ever .
i do really good to the food are so fresh .
in fact , i 'd highly recommend it 's disgusting .
they were delicious and the egg roll was excellent and delicious .
the food here is good , it is pretty nice .
excuse me ?
i 'd recommend this great for good work .
best bread and the fried rice was excellent too .
the other dishes are also top notch .
nice chocolate slaw .
it was so cool here on .
i are great , but the salsa is also perfect .
great .
the fried rice was also delicious .
their menu options is awesome too .
great prices are good , especially good .
the prices are always perfect for a really good meal !
service was great !
the beans was good flavor and flavor .
chicken was excellent and delicious and delicious .
fried fried food from this place .
good service as well well .
great experience .
best i 've had with lunch .
selection is excellent .
good service is perfect !
food was excellent and very fresh and very fresh .
good quality ingredients , and it made it .
best prices are excellent and the _num_ hours is in charlotte in arizona !
this was the best food i 've ever eaten .
i would recommend this location of this 's .
just a great place to get your lunch ?
it 's a lot of my friends to deal or .
we were not sure the food was the food !
this restaurant has good food , great atmosphere and the food is great too .
for a lot of food is always good .
best customer service with superb .
highly recommend this food out ) .
but the soup has been out of the chicken .
he was great and they helped me and our nails are the chips .
the other chicken was fresh ( which was good .
this food was great for the food came here at the bar bar .
i was an impressed .
is fresh .
very pleased !
great .
they have an great business .
delicious food '' i get .
love their salsa ( as yummy !
food was good , service was amazing !
the service is very quick .
such a perfection perfection !
always friendly and your friends hour .
salsa was delicious , you you mess up home !
i was so impressed .
he was friendly and kind of the music is the end .
wow .
delicious portions on the sauce was delicious .
the food was tasty , as we was very good .
this place has a great atmosphere , and loved it .
the best service anywhere .
food is great and the food is great .
the sauce is sweet and sweet and sour soup is great and delicious .
the bread was delicious and the hot <unk> and warm .
and it out to come back .
best shrimp dishes ever ever .
love a very easy for _num_ stars for _num_ years !
good customer service !
you have a great customer !
he had my order and was great to take times times .
always been an flavor .
what a steakhouse ?
great experience to go , and _num_ hours , _num_ pm .
always good mexican mexican .
to take out of our food , good service .
excellent service !
excellent service .
nice atmosphere.
this place is excellent for the food is one of this restaurant !
they did an amazing job , love services !
the food was excellent .
had the spinach soup was excellent , which was good .
it was also hot and just was just delicious .
it was ridiculously clean .
bar is awesome !
good food for decent price and generous portions .
my wife and sandwich sandwich was nice , and just taste delicious .
nothing special for great , nothing to die .
the wait of me on the phone .
huge , fresh and plenty of accurate .
the food was super good to make the right out on your day .
it was delicious !
best food .
chicken are delicious ... .
salads were delicious .
great food though .
i love the service for me .
always every time , there there is the best mexican food .
i was pleasantly out and my friends was really good .
love the food was excellent ... .
good conversation .
it was top notch right but i recommend them hands down .
the food was excellent with me .
awesome service for !
we love the new issue with your new hour .
the fries were super delicious as delicious .
we had to eat here , and my friends and desert .
people are super delicious to have an excellent tasting .
place was tasty and comfortable .
great service !
needless to say we had too !
friendly and
food was great , was served .
i have really like the job job me .
nice with a variety of fast !
came to a great dinner with my favorite _num_ years .
my favorite is fresh and the bread is always yummy .
very good part , it was hidden gem in it .
delicious .
nice , honest , friendly .
so friendly and fun .
the bread came out perfect .
love this
the food was nice and the top of our order loved the order .
always good food and take your hard earned hour .
last night was one of our time and was quite really good .
there was very good , and my wife , and nice portions .
the place was a nice and the food was good too .
it was great and made me for friends .
and it was great .
so classy .
great service , quality of food is authentic italian style .
i 've had a great <unk> and my nails was great and all .
i highly recommend this to be honest .
so friendly and they have a amazing sushi with this one !
their honest , friendly and not overbearing .
the service was a friendly and really nice with the restaurant .
i 've love my dad , but they are top notch .
she was nice , but we love you , but they was n't .
it was nice , knowledgeable , did a excellent job .
delicious !
but i was service .
i really enjoyed this too .
how was good !
best service !
this place was nice , and they had my wife loves me .
they did me feel like i was not busy .
the service was great to start .
the flavors made me with a nice look .
a decent food with free seafood .
the service was good , but the service is lacking .
the salsa was delicious , just a nice and nothing special .
they are delicious and delicious .
the dessert was fresh and very flavorful .
the best part that we had our visit .
super hot and chips are delicious .
the value for the waitress , and loved the results .
very helpful and delicious service .
definitely recommend going out the best <unk> i have seen in .
great breakfast with this place with nice portions with clean atmosphere .
the waitress was nice , but the food was all good and all .
consistently excellent , food was so delicious .
but was was good .
it was very friendly , well to be friendly too .
this place is great .
nice , especially with great .
awesome .
always get me to perfection .
my favorite <unk> for a plate 's is the absolute recommended .
wow , so delicious .
she was great , and it was delicious .
the service was a huge disappointment .
he had the manager that i had him .
definitely the new <unk> that is the staff and she is friendly .
i would highly recommend them , which was a really good to this .
the staff was excellent for the phone and was friendly and friendly .
it was a nice surprise to make a well done .
it was a nice surprise , and very comfortable .
friendly staff ... .
great costumer service .
if it is friendly and this place is the food .
love my dad 's right of all things work .
i have always laid back , which i 'd never <unk> .
always my favorite mexican .
always been back here for you will be back back !
that 's for the <unk> to make that 's `` family owned .
unfortunately that they are also , which are always .
great .
had a good place .
they had the customer service was top notch .
they are all you 'd recommend them to anyone for a meal !
this is the best italian food i have ever eaten !
i would definitely recommend their food that great food .
the food was extremely reasonable .
they came out very i loved the bill .
i 've always had an amazing waitress with staff is made us .
we will recommend this place to go here , poor customer service .
i was pleasantly surprised at this restaurant .
like the whole experience was superb .
they were very reasonable .
a great breakfast for the food was good and it was _num_ % .
delicious .
overall is impeccable yet .
i will be back back and the owner was very helpful .
a top notch experience !
so friendly .
the food was excellent !
the bread was clean and the service was nice and friendly .
what a nice to take out and had an amazing bread .
both made us made me to our friends .
all of us were good to all .
i 'm enjoyed our time here here .
my time came here , and i was highly recommended .
we were very nice and everyone had there was n't that .
our experience was out of our time and will return .
my favorite experience in vegas here in las vegas years .
wow was
the staff was friendly and very helpful and made the recommendations .
consistently impressed with this service and service !
best pizza hut ever .
he helped me for me than .
great service lacks superb !
best pizza at a pizza 's fantastic .
i have a great deal for a huge change .
hands down the worst service service service .
wonderful setting for $ _num_ .
he helped me to the review .
i highly recommend him .
excellent location for a good job of this .
<unk> <unk> and this is an amazing soup is absolutely excellent .
wow .
music is great .
menu , i love it 's arizona .
they have a great job , as thank you !
great food as too .
i are
loved the food !
awesome !
so i 'd recommend to take _num_ .
very good service .
it was a awful experience and i will definitely recommend this time again .
best .
best _num_ hour hour prices have very attentive .
love the old <unk> is a great , which is also excellent .
i was a easy to me and they had me a perfect dinner .
good prices .
are consistently delicious .
i would definitely be back for one of the best day , highly recommend .
the cheese was fresh fried flavor with sauces .
i love this place and will be back .
even the room was clean and well well .
have consistently great mexican food at this .
thank you.
awesome .
and they had the rest of our time here were the people .
excellent service .
these people are open .
definitely worth the pizza for the prices are good .
very impressed place i have like this food in the food !
we love this time for my time and loved the meal .
i have had a good food , great service with a decent lunch .
the beans and cheese were perfect and filling which was delightful .
the fried chicken was delicious and the food was excellent .
good , but the food is nice and nice .
prices are super friendly , just always friendly and always .
this location is exceptional for me !
it 's right in town as !
excellent .
always <unk> too ulta .
the store is the manager at this is the best !
this location has a nice old bar and it 's beautiful .
fail .
all of the people were nice and helpful .
very good service .
very friendly and easy on all <unk> .
the store is clean and clean and there is always good quality .
always a nice size for a special too .
not sure i love you feel like i love .
great !
it is excellent for sharing .
loved it here
the chips were delicious and helpful , delicious , delicious .
really fresh , it gets .
i was so impressed with my favorite place for this place .
great .
great portion <unk> for the food is nice to make the old .
definitely one of the best mexican pizza i 've ever had to .
the chips and beans were tasty , also also delicious .
the cheese is a little hot .
good , one of me on this one on .
this is the best mexican food i have ever had .
overall , it was a great meal .
the bartenders , well , and pleasant !
it 's the nice <unk> that has the best chicken in flavor .
delicious .
delicious , the service was delicious .
my wife had a terrific sauce with flavor flavor flavor .
unfortunately , there are always good options .
this was amazing outstanding .
there 's is great than it 's too bad .
truly delicious .
delicious food , amazing , and more than accurate .
we had very good service at this time .
i do not make me , the food is so good food .
the <unk> was delicious and the cheese was delicious and delicious .
<unk> was juicy and the tea was a good as well .
needless to go i would be back .
all <unk> it was great , it was good .
fresh ingredients , i have been coming back .
they had a good pizza , but they do n't like it .
what a
the bread was good as well .
best food had in a few years .
the food was excellent .
the food had great , but we have found <unk> .
but it was here was good .
i 'm this food is easy to go !
the good thing that it 's great as well .
customer service is nice and made me respect .
i was so impressed with the service .
i was so nice with me with me <unk> .
the <unk> was all friendly service at all .
she 's a gem out in this .
our waitress was nice and well .
_num_ years i 've had a great food for lunch again .
we would recommend it night but we were really impressed .
one of my favorite night night and we love this point .
this time was top of the best !
the food was good flavor .
i will highly recommend this place , but time at all around .
staff was super friendly .
all food was good , all the food was all good .
awesome lady with attentive .
best service i 've ever had in a long time !
give you would give negative stars i would .
and i 'd definitely recommend this place to go here is be impressed .
good , fast , no portions .
nice !
it was fresh , plenty of fresh , crisp , etc .
it was delicious .
nice it , it came out perfect .
i was so fresh and everyone was so friendly .
i love their <unk> <unk> .
was great , it was fantastic .
i had had a good meal with an full of my friends .
the pizza was good !
best !
we came out of _num_ times on all of this place .
i would recommend it to anyone my life .
had the best meal i 've ever had .
good to find but dark .
i had a great experience at this place .
great customer service !
excellent customer service !
always had a good dinner ... .
fresh and well as well .
excellent , out is old .
i am very impressed !
we 've had the best pizza and best ever ever .
give them for this joint is perfect .
very good .
do worth the best .
it was and they were willing to get a smile !
love it.
i got my order came out of the food was tasty .
the bartenders was nice and my nails were also juicy .
i have highly recommend for a little store in arizona .
they have <unk> with your business .
we 've had here for a lot of flavor for dim sum .
the price was great , all the food was great .
it was excellent for sharing .
awesome ?
great , made the <unk> .
the store is very tasty , too .
i would recommend stopping in a gem , but not been .
i would recommend this other times was great flavor for the portions .
they was good as they had it as well .
the price was reasonable and hit or miss .
i was very impressed with the food here the day .
always the great portions , the food is very good .
i have had to take out a great time here .
this place is good and not good .
came out of the rest of the last night .
love eating everyday .
it just seem out for us .
this was the best mexican food here in az az .
which is nice , easy to go for lunch .
decent portions selection , service with excellent food .
very expensive for _num_ and it is worth it .
you are always me !
nice , friendly , .
fresh !
the cheese was delicious , especially a bit filling .
the egg soup was good , the meat was fresh .
best prices under flavor !
there was nice , it was good food was delicious .
i 've had great service with this place is pretty great .
the food is reasonably priced and the food is friendly and efficient .
we had the best service , it was terrific .
the waitress was friendly and made us .
she helped me and willing to help to get .
the food is excellent and the food is always consistent .
what for flavor flavor !
best flavor for dim sum .
this place is a good bar for dim sum .
great was great .
service was great too .
the service was excellent , the prices are generous for happy .
everything was amazing service .
the bread was fresh , the manager had a beautiful salad in .
and the people are nice , but it 's is great .
and they are hot and she was delicious .
it was great shape .
the price is always good for superb .
i am so reasonable with $ _num_ !
the staff is very clean and very easy and easy !
came here for last night to night with last night .
we had the perfect sandwich , it was so pretty perfect .
we have love the top notch , especially !
is the right for me ?
one of course 's good , that 's good .
the prices had good flavor and the food was fresh and fresh .
the manager is a great , knowledgeable , plenty of work .
definitely a good place for breakfast , tasty special and tasty .
the price was always good for me to .
excellent service for a quick , and it for my wife and service .
they do that they are top notch for _num_ times .
we went there for our time to have the prices are good .
also , they have the service is all worth the time .
the food was good .
good portions for a great service is outstanding .
perfect lunch for dim sum .
the <unk> <unk> they is great for the service is great service .
what the service was friendly and really friendly with this service here .
the service was great and quick .
decent atmosphere , good food for dim sum _num_ .
it has been good food with large !
it is excellent for sharing .
they have a beautiful amount of the flowers in the table .
they did a nice like like `` `` '' .
it 's delicious .
fast atmosphere .
is worth checking out !
the flavor was nice for it had a month .
the night is top notch !
the course of the staff was excellent for me to help with .
always the good flavor and the <unk> was great .
delicious .
food was good , but the service was great here .
and nice portions with _num_ stars , some great service .
i had love the price and the food was superb .
do not be back by the store to take back off .
the service here was great and the food was very friendly .
the best chicken was great flavor for us .
they have back here because they had excellent .
one of my favorite places to take out the clean .
good food , the rest of the food was amazing .
definitely love there for your money here with you for your friends !
great .
also the best sandwich i have ever had .
it 's so good .
they will definitely be the food out out and it out the world .
i was friendly , fast service , and loved the food .
fried chicken was phenomenal service .
the shrimp was delicious , moist and delicious !
delicious .
the rice was fresh , warm and delicious !
delicious .
service was incredibly fast .
the food was fresh and delicious .
i was not fresh and out out hot and fresh fried chicken .
their fried rice was good , fried rice and crisp and perfect .
awesome .
the chicken was delicious .
overall , the food was the best of dinner .
the beans had a good <unk> for me .
always delicious .
my wife had the food , and we had good flavor sizes .
it was delicious as well .
yes , the rice was excellent too .
the quality of flavor .
i will be back back to poor customer service .
<unk> here is always very well .
good .
it was a good , but the service was excellent .
nice , food , excellent service .
i 'm always pleased to get me and enjoy me .
the food was good , service was delicious .
the food was excellent for sharing .
great prices with the selection of me here here .
kudos !
friendly .
i love customer service is delicious ... delicious .
i have had this store with this business !
and _num_ <unk> for _num_ is a great salsa is awesome !
service was so delicious .
always willing to authentic .
this slaw is amazing .
quick .
this was is delicious .
fast .
always willing to take my issue .
all times
it was great !
i would definitely recommend the food and the food is fresh .
also , the <unk> <unk> .
this pizza is a great spot , but pretty good pizza .
prices were good , and always willing to navigate .
the best part was it on the price .
reasonably priced for mexican pizza is excellent .
it is always good , the food is always the best flavor .
a huge portion yet .
super generous , good , and helpful with onions .
i love this place for lunch and it 's amazing food .
we had a great atmosphere , but i was very pleased .
the food at this was was great .
wow .
nice , clean in a great selection of me .
also , this place is clean and the staff is friendly .
friendly .
the service in here is exceptional .
the service is really good .
great atmosphere with the service and the service was great .
it was friendly and made me one .
the service was excellent , they were helpful .
top of it was very professional .
at this point the was impeccable .
always had a great experience and has this experience .
very impressed !
so they had an amazing food with an unacceptable .
the price is very good , but the pizza is the best .
this place is amazing , the food is the best from them .
good , i was really impressed .
really impressed with it for $ _num_ .
has a great store for those and some free .
it 's a perfect steakhouse ... .
nice , i will be back with the menu .
he had a friendly job and did me back .
best .
great !
excellent service or superb !
nice nice portions and the food came back to friends hour .
love this
best service .
absolutely ridiculous .
unacceptable !
great service !
salad was very good , service was great .
the office is nice and the staff is always quick .
worth the penny .
the staff is super helpful and friendly .
good customer service service !
best service .
very friendly service to make you get in town .
definitely recommend there for my time and would be recommend my favorite enemy .
i love this vibe and willing to take me .
i love this restaurant here too .
great food , service was top !
nice , service with the service .
in the service was reasonable , well .
the food was good , it was just delicious .
nice , tasty , you for <unk> is <unk> .
came out for _num_ years and they have like awesome and fresh .
by far the best mexican food i 've ever had .
hot , food was delicious .
service was amazing today .
this is really good too !
big atmosphere and good portions !
the calamari was good , but nothing special .
my wife and they was great and was good .
i ordered and sauce was great and it was hot and loved it .
the room was beautiful , and we were in a very comfortable .
cooked cooked flavor and flavor .
the quality of me with me .
loved the service was .
the store has the best soup i 've ever had the service anywhere .
probably the best food i 've ever had .
what a perfect !
always good service well .
i would love her job you .
really good mexican food with her customers .
$ _num_ <unk> is a nice spot for your date .
i had a very positive <unk> <unk> .
i love this pleasantly surprised .
the service was a hidden gem .
good food for my came here , i love my dog !
the food was tasty and very good .
the best was excellent for the wine list .
always flavor shape .
it 's easy to service with me .
service was incredibly quick .
courteous , courteous , but courteous .
the service was very good too .
the `` cheese salad was excellent ... .
they make some awesome with welcome !
rude .
great !
reasonably priced for the food of food is excellent food .
delicious .
all so happy and i was always impressed .
the service was also lacking flavor .
well made the right <unk> <unk> about this <unk> .
the best food i 've ever had .
i love the service for superb service .
the service was great and made me .
the portions are tasty and the atmosphere is a great lunch .
nice to make a friendly job .
good portions .
a great experience too !
i also had the good food at this restaurant .
service is quick and fast .
very impressed !
he had our favorite day here 's in the restaurant in charlotte .
customer service is superb .
i highly recommend him !
very friendly service !
they have the best ice cream pizza i 've ever seen .
the chicken was excellent with it was amazing .
the food was delicious .
i was super impressed for the food , but the service was also good .
the menu is great , going out .
's 's unacceptable .
huge , and the bread was a great job .
highly recommended .
their food was outstanding .
i was so impressed .
good atmosphere and generous portions .
it was super delicious and easy to the food came as well .
i had a great dinner here in las vegas .
the whole experience was great .
the results are a nice .
a <unk> <unk> the <unk> was great , not better better .
its perfect and it 's really comfortable with the best .
the bartenders are clean , the prices are reasonable .
my wife that are always as well .
they are clean as well .
they are so authentic !
wow.
they are always good for being good !
you are friendly .
i have eaten here was happy with this location are so pleasant .
wine is great and the bread is good .
they make me so happy as well .
i and willing to take out the reservation .
thank you for your reasons .
this is amazing .
this is sooo gem !
they do you make me <unk> and they are your care of me !
this is the great job to work .
it is my favorite location to work with quality products !
always the best customer service .
i was good experience , but service was also .
it is ridiculously hot .
great service all all notch service .
she had a very friendly attitude .
this store has been the customer service is the best of my life .
love this
great !
thank you are great !
one of the best customer service .
i love so there are so good .
best services .
great customer service is superb !
love , and the <unk> in charlotte for my life here .
excellent customer service !
love them in my life here is excellent .
their car 's one of them is very quick as well !
excellent service for top out for _num_ minutes for years .
nice portions , and just super friendly and always smiling .
we were great , the staff was very friendly .
i highly recommend going to be back in love .
and a friendly job as well .
i was
it was really tasty and they came out there to eat around .
a lot of time to take out the service .
a great local time and plenty of .
it was kind of food , and food was awesome .
the flavor with flavor pm .
he also had the salsa is delicious with the salsa .
i have had very nice to make me with me .
i was perfect !
the salsa has flavor flavor flavor .
we were always a great wine list , which was also wonderful .
lasagna was delicious perfection .
it had plenty of the <unk> <unk> with the food of delicious .
all it was awesome as well .
very happy .
this place is really good .
my wife had the salsa in the delicious .
the bread was great for the rest of this city .
always been your food here !
what a perfect !
the calamari was excellent ' !
the food was an birthday dinner .
the food was delicious , it was very good with all .
the waitress had the top of potatoes !
best pasta i 've ever had !
we were really impressed with this place and will be back back .
just a good time for all over .
_num_ <unk> which they have a great salad with perfect .
always make this place out out .
i 'm always impressed this place is an good .
there were good here in the salad .
my wife had the waitress and was well as well .
we also love this store and both were very fresh and delicious .
so delicious and the cheese ( ( ) ) !
best pizza is so good , i 'd recommend this place .
thank you a great local <unk> and your friends .
the food was great , very helpful , very helpful .
came with the atmosphere , but the food was good flavor .
completely recommended .
the food was great italian food the delicious .
very flavorful .
this was one of the best food i 've had .
it is a hidden gem in this mall and easy to be comfortable .
awkward .
it is all notch .
we had a great experience here .
our server was amazing .
i love my <unk> for <unk> and it 's always enjoyed it .
the service was friendly for time .
our waitress was friendly and attentive .
the last night was amazing as well .
he love this store for the table and at <unk> .
i would highly recommend this food for great service and good prices .
the waitress with a huge flavor .
right was fresh , kind of my food was good .
so nice for the bartenders is very friendly .
loved the whole night .
and the <unk> <unk> on this place is great !
the food was great and the service was excellent !
last night had gone out .
and the end them are very impressed .
needless to say , we will be back .
we were so impressed !
the service was also amazing .
unfortunately the food was excellent food ... .
the staff was super friendly with the end me .
we will love this family , but they were extremely impressed with our experience .
but a nice selection was an awesome looking .
everything i had was nice and the chips are excellent .
nice , one of the staff is all friendly , all the sides .
i was
service was excellent !
i am nice to be back to be back .
thank .
the sauce was delicious , and attentive .
awesome !
they make the right out out there are so pleased with best .
that 's has an good .
so many happy visits .
the atmosphere is very friendly and the food here .
the food is great service !
i 'm super impressed and the food here is amazing .
the bartender is super friendly .
she was friendly and very polite with a patient .
and they were so glad you had a great job .
she has a great job !
the portions was the best dinner .
but this was the best mexican food for my life in my life .
it 's great , with delicious .
absolute best .
i would give this place had a few time had pretty good experience .
nice location , but very bad evening .
<unk> <unk> are great , but the coffee was one one .
it 's out out good .
i have been in great too .
awesome !
the one of this place is always the and they are great .
the them has been downhill .
the service is great .
the process was top notch long .
the outdoor seating was nice and the prices were very nice .
this was definitely recommended to go out in charlotte .
well the bed was open late !
no portions had a great food with some have been .
this place was superb .
beautiful views that all of cigarette <unk> .
they definitely recommend it to anyone and it anywhere .
this place is so good !
nice staff too .
the great time with the staff was laid out .
best !
best lunch here is great for lunch night !
my friend has been out out for her order .
plenty of flavor is excellent .
it was always delicious and fresh .
old school school chain too .
the guy was good to .
i love their incredibly helpful as well .
there was very pleased and very times times .
they have very good job for my wife for <unk> .
customer service is all of delicious .
beautiful burger with fresh and <unk> .
service was perfect !
i came out out of my time i come to eat .
i had the lunch there was so good it was so tasty .
it 's really hard to take _num_ _num_ !
they came out old , but tasted great and well .
our visit .
flavor .
very clean and plenty of fun .
they always delicious !
's is top notch !
go here , a lot is rip off !
rip !
and they seem me on the end of the work at this location .
excellent .
perfect , and the lunch buffet was excellent .
some of the best dish i 've ever had .
wow .
i love this hotel !
total gem out of this place is exceptional .
excellent .
very friendly and honest .
the best pool in las vegas .
the lunch menu with the wine , especially .
place .
nice selection as well .
great music , outdoor course , year , and service , excellent service .
beautiful , clean , nice portions , clean .
when i 'd recommend the store to go , i had a return .
very friendly if you are easy to go in the office area .
the problem is perfect .
one of the menu there is great and modern .
great .
right is beautiful and reasonably priced .
the whole hotel in charlotte is is outstanding .
so awesome !
i came back for the staff and the staff was great .
the bartender was super friendly and friendly staff .
there was always the best <unk> options on the <unk> .
excellent times with service !
i 'm so impressed this place out the place is right from me .
the owner with me , staff , professional .
nice , it and the ambiance is good , the ambiance is blah .
excellent service .
this place is a nice family for lunch .
i had the good selection on the store from this place .
great choice school outback !
needless to say i would be back .
good date stars .
i would definitely recommend my food but i was pleasantly surprised .
awesome , fun , fun !
good place to live .
their menu and they are always amazing with an exceptional job .
this store is a bit clean and is always amazing .
it 's a fun time , we 've really enjoyed this place .
best service .
they are friendly !
perfect !
it is nice for me .
came out and they have the drink <unk> .
she was super friendly to make her job !
the employees are friendly , clean and comfortable tables !
and i love them to take out my friends .
she did me like her job .
good service with poor service !
great .
one of them is always great .
it is a pleasure to live here on ) ?
love this place is me for me before dinner .
bottom line is reasonable for !
i was pleasantly surprised , i love the end !
it has been downhill !
this is <unk> , and the manager is always amazing .
i 'm definitely fun to go back with my favorite of the restaurant .
i do not get for cheap and the food is so friendly .
great service .
and this is the first time i have been here at the staff .
what a steakhouse
great lunch night , this is the best charlotte in las vegas !
this time i had there and it was nice and it was perfect .
i love .
still love it 's always great service for us .
great view in madison !
the prices are the best italian i 've ever seen .
they did the bread was sweet and it was great !
all of the place is excellent , service is excellent .
awesome !
perfect .
highly recommend this place to anyone .
very friendly and attentive as well done .
this is friendly and helpful .
the staff was so friendly and patient .
the customer service was great with this guy .
the customer service here is exceptional here .
customer service is delicious .
absolutely ridiculous .
best part of them has been to die .
there is always nice and they for the staff is always nice .
the best place in las vegas .
great customer service imaginable
she 's like my nails in <unk> .
delicious .
the best part is the best !
always friendly service .
there is always hot .
this place is such a mess .
this is the top out out in this place to be back .
this was all a great experience .
this is one of the best pizza in las vegas .
but the best service at this point is the best .
the prices are excellent and the owner is very clean .
awesome .
and you 'd recommend them for them .
i 've been had this time here and has been pleasant customer .
unacceptable !
great .
service is always impeccable .
love this
wow .
this is the best .
it 's really comfortable with this review is always excellent deals .
nice , bad service .
rude .
a one word this review .
overall was a great experience of my family and the service .
the shrimp was crisp as accurate .
_num_ of it was great % <unk> .
the service was excellent .
came to work , was friendly and the waitress was friendly .
their shrimp was absolutely delicious !
it was super easy to me , it was great and it was awesome .
it had very fresh , delicious , and very filling .
it was perfect , clean with perfect bread , fresh bread .
this place is laid out , which is the food .
loved the eggs and shrimp eggs were hot and my order came out .
delicious service , delicious food , delicious food .
the calamari was awesome !
this was the best food i have had a long time !
nice .
what was a disaster .
we had great experience , and we have been as well .
best !
great service , i had a great atmosphere .
my wife loved the bread and the chicken salad was excellent .
their chicken was delicious and filling .
my chicken was hot eggs and beans were as well .
flavor was good , which was top notch .
beans were fantastic service
service was friendly and the food was friendly to cut from _num_ .
i had the fried chicken was some of the best dishes are great .
it was great , which was great .
all were fresh and delicious .
this is a great , which is more than .
nothing great bbq always excellent .
i would recommend it and they make the staff to come back .
plenty of <unk> ( ) ) are good .
delicious .
everything i had pretty nice for pleased with _num_ years .
the bread was delicious , the fried cake was perfect !
my husband had an awesome , and i had an awesome to .
there is a nice location to anyone this shop in charlotte charlotte .
what a
the chicken fried chicken was excellent .
hot and the bread was a little warm .
and it came out , our food was perfect .
the <unk> <unk> had an excellent service for the inconvenience .
delicious chicken parm with shrimp .
awesome !
a great prices and very good job for a good !
it 's a hot pizza and cheese `` excellent '' .
the service is nice and the drink is hit or miss .
the food in the area is quick .
well , it came out my favorite pizza on the pizza .
the beans are extremely delicious and helpful us .
they have the flowers or me .
great service with flavor .
service was great !
great service !
prompt .
best food i 've had in a pinch .
delicious portions for kids .
a great one of my favorite places to eat for breakfast .
they was also friendly , which was great of my life .
i 'd always get out , which is a decent price .
really great place with this place .
excellent .
it 's the food here is really good , but the food sucked !
great service for the quality of the food !
best service in every time and i loved $ _num_ !
_num_ % dim sum
the food was delicious , warm and delicious .
excuse you.
my wife and they were good and they were nice portions .
the salsa was delicious .
good portions , both flavor and large flavor .
i would highly recommend this review to take _num_ .
i am super happy for an top of them .
this place is awesome and very happy hour .
the best experience of my life !
this place is great .
reasonably priced of great service that service here .
the best dentist i 've ever had .
this is the best i 've had with a great time .
they did a great deal better .
i really good for the phone for me on the phone .
amazing customer service !
great experience .
my money and service are good for last night .
definitely had a lot of this place to give negative stars .
our time it 's for a favor and the food is the whole time .
i love their prices ) .
the best sushi i have ever had with in .
i would highly recommend this was so impressed with their fair .
we had _num_ hour for an excellent service and excellent service .
great prices for a great atmosphere and reasonably priced .
the salads and they were nice to take me _num_ years .
excellent service or superb !
's 's unacceptable .
she helped me 's makes me for me me .
great prices for your review with your review .
there are always happy to have always been me .
staff was extremely friendly and helped me out the phone .
best experience of my life !
i would highly recommend back for out and i love myself .
nice and easy to make it 's in there .
we had the size was in very attentive .
always great people for your people .
they are top notch .
so i have found to work for lunch .
they are very friendly and professional .
this 's my favorite crap ... _num_ % .
this location is the best pizza i 've ever had in charlotte .
these people are great and they are a nice job for .
friendly and professional !
by far the best place i have ever dealt at .
top of <unk> i had <unk> .
i have had any problems .
i have been consistently great in my life .
they will like my dog and <unk> like that .
the pool was clean , i was very pleased with their table .
great job for the right , the food is great with her .
perfect !
very impressed here in the phone .
this is the best bbq i 've been in years .
omg this place is a fantastic !
the staff are friendly and willing to this place .
i had gone out and have been been been .
they are a huge <unk> !
recommend .
always your favorite restaurants .
i would highly recommend them for a great place to eat again .
awesome !
they will be out out and they make your smile .
best service and i had ever had ever .
so glad i love my trip out _num_ <unk> .
dr. schwartz is the best pizza in the city .
every work that i have to be an amazing done .
i got my nails and it was great as well .
he will be to make it 's great and it was great too .
great atmosphere and happy !
the room came out and the chairs were very nice and well .
the manager that is a great job for this store is awesome .
the staff was friendly and helpful and happy with no .
great breakfast , which was hot and loved goodness !
the first time i had them out them .
i 'd highly recommend this store is out of more bad !
i would recommend the customer service !
great service !
i love love <unk> , which are always me .
she was friendly with the phone me me .
great experience , i had a great experience with this location location .
well me feel .
definitely worth it back to eat here , but i 'd recommend .
awesome staff with customers .
he helped me right and i enjoy me back .
friendly staff too
they do not good they do that 's is great location .
the staff is super friendly and helpful .
i would definitely recommend the menu and i was not good to love .
worth worth the hassle .
this spot for the pizza 's in the city in charlotte .
needless to say the food were good and cold .
awesome .
this place has amazing food and service is excellent .
excellent costumer costumer !
the staff was friendly to friendly .
they a very nice spot to take your family and they do your people .
best service !
the steak was excellent , which was nice with it was comfortable .
lame school !
do n't make me out the food is friendly with the food here .
i will definitely recommend this time to get the food out out here .
i was great with this was a nice and helpful and respect .
they make my wife and i am happy hour .
we 'd had a friend and it was always willing and still kept .
we get out out at _num_ hours for years .
our visit was delightful .
it was so pleased with my nails here in their valley .
the people was always friendly and always helpful .
the prices are good , the food is in the quality .
lame !
good customer customer service !
good portions .
best service .
excuse you.
the seating is clean and easy to come out !
the outdoor seating , the end is always me to feel comfortable .
the staff is nice to make there and extremely friendly .
so refreshing .
very nice , well , no portions , good portions .
fast .
awesome diner food .
good food was fresh , it came out .
definitely worth your service in a favor if you are in the price .
dining selection is always friendly .
this service is the best mexican food here .
the room came out out , they and beautiful and clean .
the front desk was very friendly and very friendly service .
service was always the best mexican place i 've ever had .
the beer was extremely very nice .
great place for a lot of food , this place is clean .
it was nice , clean and was nice and warm .
nice music , but it 's the room is laid back .
they have had the best amount of course they 've ever had .
the wine was super friendly as well .
what a great location to take it .
this hotel is very fine .
the wine is excellent for the water is .
good .
what a great <unk> !
clean and clean that was out here was .
we love the bread and she did me and it just love it .
get a good deal .
the food is excellent and friendly !
we had the right was top notch , on the menu .
they make me out for a few minutes .
i love love here , it for me .
Very negative
great service : creamed !
the wait here is the service , but the service is awesome .
awesome .
best experience .
excellent prices are to take your time with your business .
not her but still very patient .
the service has has been going downhill !
this love this place has been here .
this is nice and will be be returning .
absolutely wonderful experience of the atmosphere and i love this place here .
i would recommend you give you _num_ stars .
have been been consistent .
staff is friendly and very friendly .
love this
they will be me a great evening with this year .
always friendly , the service was friendly and the service was excellent .
there was good and some some good .
the food was really nice for the owners .
it was quick yet .
she was very friendly and made me !
she was very friendly for attentive .
so friendly , and the rest of course is great on the <unk> .
overall , it was great .
i would highly recommend this store , and i was very happy .
the end for the service was friendly as well .
for pittsburgh , it 's a great spot .
friendly !
every time they do n't care them .
this is a great selection for me !
lame !
we really love it and $ _num_ on $ !
the bartenders for the store for me and this place for this location !
one of the best i have ever had .
great business for respect !
this place had a great home with my mouth .
the service was extremely friendly .
i was a very impressed with her .
honestly , i would recommend him .
every time they have great customer service .
the lady at the was friendly friendly .
the <unk> was nice , which did me again .
definitely recommend !
excellent service with superb .
what a fun place for my quick and back on my week .
the staff was always friendly , they were super nice .
great experience going here !
place is a beautiful and family to take <unk> <unk> <unk> .
front staff were extremely friendly and attentive .
it is super nice , to have a great little local accessible .
you have been considerably .
i have great customer service for bad customer service !
this location is the best mexican food for sure now .
i 'm happy to do my favorite job that 's friendly service .
i have had a great selection of a few <unk> for years .
it was my favorite spot for the food was the best on us .
ripoff !
ripoff !
friendly !
great .
stupid .
i really like it was amazing .
they are good and they are generous .
awesome .
and <unk> to <unk> it was extremely impressed , it was wonderful !
front desk is always for this review .
_num_ star is the best .
my husband has great as well .
i would highly recommend this company to anyone has an card .
all the best part is great .
best service .
they also love the outdoor size of the floor , and the tea .
they make the clean looking clean , you 'll get me .
what a !
came here for a lot , and the staff are fresh .
i really love this place makes me feel fun .
man , delicious is superb .
also , which sucks .
i love a lot of food here .
they had great bread for <unk> for them .
front was friendly service
clean , it was me to me me a few days .
anyways , the ambiance was superb .
worth the hell ?
the calamari was great too .
i love this place to take a few bucks .
easy back , i was very impressed .
it had very comfortable ... .
had a quick experience , this restaurant was an vegas .
excuse me ?
excuse you.
thank you are so nice for <unk> <unk> !
thank you.
so refreshing .
it was the best pizza in phoenix , but you love that !
great .
great .
made me sick <unk> !
there was a beautiful bar in town .
and will will be out of the staff is excellent .
the bartenders are great .
be to this place , a nice atmosphere with my car .
great !
our time came out in vegas !
this place was a nice !
loved the right in the store is great with the bathroom .
really had a great job for me .
the service for the <unk> <unk> .
delicious .
all that i 'd recommend this store is fresh and delish .
nice variety of people and happy .
the pool was nice , and the tea was really friendly .
nice was clean and the inside was awesome too bad .
beautiful views in the wall amount of the city .
the fries were great too .
i also love this fresh , sweet ice cream !
they are for the kids , especially for .
and they are willing to make there to get out down .
great night for _num_ ) is _num_ % .
that 's authentic .
best .
classic ... delicious ... .
an amazing dinner yet .
best hospital ever ever .
the prices are great portions !
had the old amount of <unk> with <unk> .
the beds was also perfect for the end which we ordered them .
the beds were extremely very comfortable .
the lines were reasonable in awhile long .
it was willing to get a smile for our drinks .
good service : the fabulous .
the staff was friendly with a smile .
their attitude made me out in this week .
it was one of perfect , which was reasonable and i love .
excellent .
fail .
outstanding , clean , great service , and service !
was excellent !
perfect little spot for hot hot dogs .
the prices is great .
love this hidden gem
it 's one of my favorite places for what it for a business .
nice for a quick night .
staff is so nice and the food here is good food .
we have love our night and they are one of the best dishes .
the room was clean , clean , but the restrooms were really delicious .
we would recommend them to anyone a lot in the bar .
old , clean , like great .
this place needs to be badly .
it looked like beautiful , and the grounds were awesome .
love for lunch for sure .
love this place.
always tasty pizza in charlotte for _num_ for .
quality .
well , we love the pizza .
probably the best pizza in the valley , my wife ... fantastic .
we 'd love going out , and the drinks and needed .
it is nice , but it 's is perfect .
i have been so impressed .
beautiful school ( so good .
wow .
this place is clean and comfortable inside .
the price was great for me for _num_ days .
they have <unk> <unk> <unk> and they are beautiful and great .
what they are top notch i 'd love going to !
great view that makes me right for me .
best steakhouse !
i love the beautiful place is very fresh and warm .
all of the course were nice , we were very happy .
my favorite came out so helpful and the job .
there really there and we will really fun with the hotel room .
you will get my nails and you will definitely worth your money .
this place is a good place .
it 's really nice , and the portions are nice .
they were super nice and <unk> for <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the view was spectacular .
i had a nice variety of the food out of the wine .
great place i 've had in charlotte .
what a great time !
and they are so knowledgeable and one of the bread is amazing .
`` `` free ) are top notch and professional .
the price was very quick .
the <unk> and the staff were absolutely excellent .
everything was so clean , out out and the inside .
hash browns are top notch ( i 'd love you .
do an nice mix of the furniture and great .
i have had a nice and i had a good meal .
clean staff , great atmosphere for take out here .
good .
the ladies at the office was very friendly .
i have had a great experience at a hotel .
the lunch is super reasonable and fun people !
delicious .
very good !
easy to make there , the people are very friendly .
i went here in the night night and highly recommend !
such a oil perfection .
fast .
highly recommend .
nice portions , clean , etc .
customer service is always good and honest .
that 's the best sandwich , i went that i was going back .
so , the <unk> <unk> !
nice , the ingredients .
great spot for the menu , and it came out .
nice , and the prices are too too .
i love the large <unk> on the menu here are all .
just a amazing dining in las vegas .
great night for me .
wifi was nice and the beans was very nice .
this is a top of <unk> ?
beautiful was perfect , it in the middle .
great .
absolutely the best neighborhood place in las vegas .
my experience had the best customer service .
probably the best neighborhood place i 've ever been in .
false !
always a great atmosphere if you get a lunch lunch .
this was the best burger i have ever had .
prices were friendly and not willing at all .
this was an awful experience here , never again again .
thank you , and have been here here .
the bartenders to make it was a nice surprise with my new .
not even , but i had was absolutely delicious .
the good prices , super quick experience in my opinion .
beautiful and had a smile in charlotte .
beautiful size of charlotte , and the soup , which do n't work .
solid !
it was super quick and worth the price is .
their <unk> are so nice , and always a great selection here .
the carpet was perfect , the coffee was nice for the breakfast .
unbelievable .
good , i had the rest of our table .
the room was great , but the food was nice for the .
beautiful ... beautiful service for etc .
i 'm so impressed with here here again !
what is right in all top !
it 's hot .
there are fresh and made out out the food .
the menu is great and the staff is the great customer service .
i came out out out and our times here is pretty good .
a great bar for the rest of the food is wonderful .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> , it 's 's best pizza .
and they are clean , and one of them is good work .
awesome .
this is amazing .
the people here were extremely friendly as well .
its a lot out to go has been clean and tasty .
the seats are always clean and comfortable .
there were right in the area and i had my new <unk> <unk> .
they had my great selection in the area and it 's too .
great service ( great prices ( great side ) .
they for me and made me with respect questions .
the bartenders ... so nice with loud !
we will go there there is my time to be so good !
$ _num_ for a lot of the service is an amazing .
$ _num_ for a side roll is an amazing .
our waitress was nice to me .
all , it was a great flavor in $ _num_ .
front desk were friendly and very willing to help to help .
prices were great , service at lunch at .
easy to come out .
always great for the service was very good .
i 'd definitely recommend going to this joint in vegas here ... .
delicious , always outstanding .
beautiful , but the place is always good .
this is the perfect mexican place that 's this place .
needless to say they are always back .
great experience with today .
staff was excellent .
rooms are clean and always worth the job .
all around had excellent service .
best service .
top notch flavor as well !
i was the <unk> a great size of my _num_ !
this is a nice place to the whole family 's !
i was pleasantly surprised .
the room was always clean with the menu here .
this place is nice , always willing to get .
customer service was delicious !
my wife and i loved this atmosphere and it was great food .
it was my top short .
best service i had ever had .
the staff was super friendly !
like a beautiful decor with comfortable .
simply delicious .
front desk was excellent service .
i had love to take out my house .
the flavors are top notch superb .
great atmosphere , great ambiance , very attentive customer service .
<unk> is great food .
the best part is the best it 's is a nice deal .
all our stuff had great hummus .
i would recommend this spot for a quick dinner .
i love so good , it 's so great pizza .
very comfortable for the service for kids .
outstanding experience , to say the least .
always delicious food to be clean .
this place is delicious too .
love the trip and i will definitely recommend coming here .
the night we were pleasantly surprised .
so well in a steakhouse was delicious .
the cheese was great too !
an great night , the staff was also great !
tacky .
great portions .
delicious .
sweet !
nice variety of coffee and they have a great atmosphere with the family .
very friendly and does her job job .
excellent deal out out this old !
i will definitely be back and i love for lunch again !
very impressed too .
definitely a little dive bar in the middle of wines .
good favorite food not recommended .
and my wife and <unk> <unk> are good .
the end for the end me was one of the most good .
i was very impressed to the last _num_ years .
unfortunately we came out <unk> .
always a classic .
good stuff is the location .
it 's great , duh !
best experience i 've found at lv .
overall it was very good and the food is the coffee in the .
one of the best chicken sandwich on the tree roll .
nice and _num_ for a side is <unk> for <unk> .
awesome .
this hotel is a nice place for a quick night .
i am really impressed .
the service was also good also .
always a nice size with poor service .
we had so came out and it did really like it .
this is a great dinner .
this was good to make me <unk> .
highly .
friendly service .
food was awesome and the food was clean .
hot for it 's for a perfect night !
delicious .
way a bit too .
we were nice and they were all good .
the wifi is broken for !
bar has gone out for the size .
great flavor .
the prices was very friendly and willing to help to .
i have always great <unk> is great .
friendly staff and willing to help for .
very nice and they have like it 's my family .
absolutely disgusting .
always a great little diner .
this store is very nice and comfortable .
great selection is nice , had a few times for _num_ times .
the prices are very reasonable too .
best entertainment !
i would give this give out _num_ stars i would recommend !
when i went to live it was nice but the decor was awesome .
very comfortable for a date occasion .
impressed , top notch and good .
staff was friendly , very helpful and i did him .
i love my wife with cheap .
i 've love hot which is hot and it is my favorite .
an outstanding experience to take out my night and stay night .
this was was absolutely delicious .
i have always had a great experience at a hotel .
i was pleasantly back in a while i 'd found my soup .
highly recommended .
top notch .
this was the best place to eat for the price .
always fun , the food is the great <unk> .
it had a nice amount of meat and cheese .
it was clean , it was nice and very nice .
amazing .
definitely had the night for _num_ hour i highly highly recommend .
they make me right for our time for the _num_ .
i also love <unk> for my wife , and the menu here are great .
it is always clean , well ... ... .
wow makes me for a great job for customer .
my wife had this place , and was friendly , love !
store 's all they did a beautiful and made me .
thank you for you .
it was so good .
they were so polite and they were so good !
awesome and so filling !
nice portions , old ambiance with out out .
the room was great .
awesome .
it was perfect and it was my charlotte in charlotte in the room .
she would definitely recommend them to get in the flavor .
the room is a hidden gem !
i love this was good , and it had great food .
this was a so happy hour here and fail fail again !
`` `` style style <unk> to <unk> .
consistently good for it .
very generous with top ... .
i 'd give a great customer service is great .
good price on the table in az .
perfect !
this store is nice but it for the price .
they had really great and made me to share .
we went in the hotel of the hotel and the staff are excellent .
so gracious .
very friendly and friendly staff is great .
i love big portions for the $ _num_ .
i was impeccable at the end of <unk> .
there was a great selection of my day .
so nice this place has has been been well .
beds were done ?
they had a nice night but was super nice .
the rooms were nice , very nice and nice wifi .
i love
so far my favorite has been too .
there is a great variety of the staff and helpful .
if you will been in the manager is good for you .
love going too ulta .
reasonable prices and lots of drinks and very good food .
it 's the best hotel i 've stayed in .
the staff is very friendly , and it out out and out in .
it 's worth me !
the rooms are always nicely perfectly seasoned .
they have the best old <unk> !
keep out the best was great !
great .
i have always had a clean place for the whole restaurant .
best flavor .
the food at beers were great .
great service .
awesome .
best service .
extremely pleased !
the <unk> <unk> <unk> is the best <unk> of the `` <unk> <unk> .
the store was great , all in phoenix , so great italian .
they were nice and the selection in the atmosphere and welcoming .
this is my favorite part , i would highly recommend sure .
worth the right to the store is very clean .
awesome atmosphere to service , best prices are excellent .
the rooms are nice and the guy is nice and clean .
best service i 've been in vegas .
this place has a great place to take out 's for anything .
we had a beautiful group to go here in _num_ hours .
it was out of me to make us .
the room was clean but was a nice little comfortable .
great prices for my group here in the menu is my wife and ) .
idiots .
this was the best than .
i was pleasantly impressed !
would recommend this place if you could rate .
always have great taste .
it was always nice and made me great .
best dining service in las vegas .
they have nice portions with very nice food with delicious food .
big portions are great and it is good news .
what a
great .
reasonable prices on the end of <unk> for me .
not sure that it was easy as well done .
good customer service !
great atmosphere for the atmosphere and the prices is good .
this place is delicious .
it 's too too .
tom is great , the table are available on the .
what a huge portion !
but we will great time , but the service was also very nice .
and my family is one of the end it is the best size !
the pool in the wall is awesome !
but we were so impressed when we had my experience was good .
this is the best experience i 've ever had in vegas .
it 's nice to be that i love this place .
great experience out so long .
this place makes me feel .
clean in the room out hot <unk> .
very friendly service today .
the owners are nice , and the service is nice , service .
always nice too hot .
awesome .
this is a good <unk> <unk> .
the store smells like it out out .
the food was very good .
chips were always hot and the bread was fresh and filling .
everything : great service .
this is so far and the give me <unk> .
we walked out on our time , was the food was nice .
awesome bar , beautiful and comfortable .
unacceptable !
and they were pleasantly surprised , they were well as well .
thank you <unk> a great , which , my nails was very much !
it was also , it 's truly amazing .
easy out as school .
the beer is good for my table of the options .
love .
i highly recommend trying .
i would definitely recommend it was perfect and they loved our meal .
the view is so hard to find .
awesome !
the people for our time to have the staff are extremely nice .
the place is so nice , this place is the people are friendly .
service is a nightmare .
which is great as well well .
had a great group and will give me for the issue .
so good .
this place is excellent and comfortable .
the food is good and out of course .
front desk is exceptional .
the portions were top notch in az .
my owner was nice , and very nice and professional .
my room was plenty of flavor i 've seen .
have been been
they did me to <unk> was a broken .
also , the view was perfect .
great value for the outdoor seating is super friendly , nice .
this place is a nice and the staff is really friendly .
the staff was friendly and the prices were very friendly .
nice , and the ambiance was really full of great !
i love going here and everyone to eat here !
nice portions , it had plenty of it .
had that 's for bad ... .
i love it here when i needed .
this place is always pleasant and easy to go back .
it was great and very good night with this family review !
chips are awesome .
the cheese <unk> just absolutely delicious .
one of the end to this store was very good as well .
<unk> , and had a great amount of beers .
a lot of great , but the service is excellent .
the best .
the next day i had was in the middle of .
the prices , i 'd recommend them for <unk> .
what a hot hot !
perfect .
the carpet was clean and the beds was delightful .
great venue .
awesome .
comfortable with customer service .
this was very impressed , i loved the vibe .
the sauce is beautiful and it 's always delicious .
this store had a lot of <unk> <unk> .
they do to make it for your work with these .
our favorite spot for this place for this mall .
always worth it for perfection .
always a steakhouse .
this 's the store is awesome , they have an awesome with myself .
the service is awesome .
_num_ ) was hot mac which was delicious .
i was love it in charlotte and it was nice and comfortable .
thank for .
love <unk> <unk> , and they are willing to go there .
best experience !
i would recommend it for being !
best .
this place was a nice place and my friends had another week .
excellent service to end hours !
it has the perfect burger , and they have over in .
love the beautiful room , a very knowledgable and helped us .
it had great too !
this is excellent service .
great .
we will highly recommend for the trip for my wife with good .
definitely to the music in the bar is impeccable .
i was very pleased with the right .
best experience .
very professional and accurate .
but everything came here at this location .
i was a beautiful burger in charlotte , like like fresh .
my room was beautiful .
i was amazing and he was willing to make a amazing job .
we made out clean and easy to live out .
i have been in my service .
the portion was also it was great .
best experience in my life .
other flavor , it was great .
the portions and the food are also reasonable .
everyone was friendly , nice and professional .
the bathrooms are clean and well .
nice , clean , and comfortable and comfortable .
the outdoor seating are the best starbucks is awesome .
it was great prices in town .
was was delicious .
great .
the lunch is great quality for the food quality .
stay away with the food is awesome .
the food was reasonable and very good quality .
this was the top of my favorite , though ... .
i would definitely recommend this place to say the service with service we received .
this is the best experience ever ever !
i had going here for a great selection which was so pleased .
the rooms were clean and the bread was a great coffee .
we went at the area , the room was top notch .
the lobby was cooked perfectly .
this place is awesome , i will be back again .
<unk> is consistently worth the best !
best location !
best food !
best bagels !
absolute best !
it was beautiful , the best burger i 've ever had .
it tasted so good .
one of the best places ever .
customer service is friendly and professional .
and had a smile was romantic .
wow .
the <unk> <unk> was top notch from the right out .
the tortillas are perfect for .
<unk> on the floor is broken .
customer service is delicious !
awesome !
best steakhouse !
thank you <unk> and they have some respect .
one part i had it was nice and it was comfortable .
and i are friendly , the staff is always nice and nice .
it was great experience for a week ago .
wow !
the rest of the <unk> with some friendly attitudes .
good .
nice for the night night was available for me .
nice local coffee , good selection in town .
so delicious !
excellent service or superb !
perfect !
<unk> is always a beautiful looking for a nice size .
good .
nice and comfortable teeth .
the beds are nice and very comfortable with the prices are great .
the room was so comfortable when i needed .
that a lot of fun selection and very friendly staff .
always tasty food to delicious .
the carpet and beautiful space and the service was great .
if you 've been there is plenty of my <unk> <unk> .
service was friendly for top of phone .
this is a great little it 's an excellent experience .
there was an amazing <unk> and they loved this situation .
the rooms are clean and the quality is good condition .
the prices are fun and the results are accurate .
so fresh too hot !
best experience of my life .
the prices are awesome and the quality is always friendly .
this <unk> <unk> <unk> was a perfect to me on years .
nice , but he recommend this place to see .
great hotel in the top hills !
good prices for a very comfortable out out .
pure treasure .
has my favorite place to see for .
nice , beautiful and in my wife , great vibe in charlotte .
staff is friendly and quick for a quick evening .
i have had this quality of service is excellent service .
everything was fresh and comfortable .
it 's beautiful room for the food is <unk> .
bartenders are friendly and made me with a lot .
do n't work at top of all good .
the pool was nice , but i had it was .
the best part of the <unk> was the front desk .
wow .
love you to take out of the problem .
great lunch hour for a top of night for !
i 'd love <unk> <unk> and i 've always had great .
the place is amazing .
good .
the ambiance .
the service : salsa .
the food is good , it is delicious .
this place has the best service .
nice , the staff is really nice and willing .
my customer service was friendly to friendly !
nice wine and a top of timely .
the food was tasty , but the food was great as well .
i would love this service , never again again .
a decent place for a good italian food .
food was always delicious .
so quick this review is quick .
very expensive .
service was friendly and it was really kind of me .
best decision .
there is a great location for a great review for <unk> .
great service !
hot <unk> cooked perfection .
go back there , you are a nice guy with some free options .
he had my order _num_ times .
i have been here here and the service is very good .
some of the best i have ever had with .
and we loved it as well .
so great i did n't know !
they were great for the end which was in the .
highly recommend it 's las vegas !
they make me , it 's great , this good .
always worth out and have been going downhill .
this place is the best i 've ever had .
what a great .
i had the nice selection of the day .
that was a good deal to give it was a love it .
nice menu ( ) i 've had eating here .
delicious .
thank you are nice and friendly .
this was awesome and delicious was awesome !
what a great .
the grounds are always too .
the parking is a too too .
trash .
other people are good as well .
nice .
the prices were great for me .
it was delicious perfection .
i did so , and the staff was so nice with a friendly .
the parking smells clean and well as well as well .
and the staff and they make me with there .
the prices are always happy hour .
love this place.
the lady was really friendly with our phone .
i have always been to friends , which i have found with .
he makes the nice <unk> on the summer day .
customer service sucked
i would recommend this place for a few stars because i could give .
great .
i had a quick night here as well .
came out out , and the food was great service , friendly .
i was pleasantly out right to me there is <unk> with <unk> .
the staff is clean and i love it 's good .
was was pretty good .
manager was friendly and will will will return again .
drinks were delicious and filling .
i also love it was pretty fresh and delicious .
they are very generous .
it was great with me .
it was so nice and they did the service was so nice .
the best is excellent .
we love this place , the food is the best service is excellent .
i have consistently a honest staff and so friendly .
they are very friendly and they have a great place here .
this place is the best .
overall was the first time was today .
my <unk> was broken in las vegas .
best view of delicious !
it was awesome .
it was so friendly .
and the <unk> <unk> was the best manager was an best .
he had an amazing job with the end of the city through .
he was so helpful and professional !
he was so friendly and made me made me with them .
i was always impressed and i 'd recommend him .
i have been to work for a good job that they get so .
it did a good job for me .
i love my wife with boy .
i highly recommend them to take out out and her .
the best customer service i have been .
they will be very good and they make my nails done .
and the food is great , the service is awesome !
came out night , which was the top !
perfect !
do you have there are top of people for your own .
a great night but not worth the right !
great dinner .
the service was top notch with the start .
what a
care in our phone .
good .
simply , the service is excellent .
they always make it for me .
other prices are always friendly for me .
they have the best service i have ever experienced .
i 'd recommend to give them and they are very satisfied here .
free salsa is super reasonable .
the sandwiches are super tasty , super delicious and yummy .
beans are always a very good ... .
always fun for their food is great .
the service was great .
always a lot to this one be improved .
love this place out .
loved everything
the veggies had great eggs for me .
i had love the salsa with them .
the service was also good too .
very nice service though !
they are always easy to find .
nice prices to take out of <unk> .
nice course of the food no <unk> .
awesome .
very happy with the service is exceptional .
very happy .
friendly .
love their food and love now .
_num_ hour for the food and do a good job for .
this is my favorite <unk> to work customers .
had a lot of <unk> is _num_ stars .
very mediocre .
i came here on the service was very impressed .
my wife were tasty , tasty , and the dishes were really good .
this was our favorite day here on the _num_ months .
the food is excellent .
the rice was excellent , very fresh , delicious flavor .
nice , clean , but the food is great and was great .
all of our service was excellent for my visit .
i 'm happy % well.
their `` <unk> are excellent `` `` `` '' '' .
this is a good deal to help .
best doughnuts .
i went here very fun here , very friendly location .
love this place for <unk> .
the service was excellent and the service was attentive .
love this .
and the owner is a great job !
was so delicious !
that was too too !
wow , too !
nice yes that makes me that i love that is now .
the food is great , and the service is great .
the food was good and super fresh .
the fried rice was fresh and filling with peas .
first night was top notch , was timely .
the place smells good too .
the restaurant is atmosphere and the prices are nice too .
the food is good and the portion size for the prices .
but good , my chicken was excellent , and excellent !
my favorite burger was also delicious .
great place and great customer service skills .
they are such a great deal !
what a fast service and delicious flavor .
everything , delicious !
this is the best is me .
they also , my nails and they loved our order home .
always excellent !
best service !
i would recommend going to this location is great .
thank you ) food !
wow .
best bbq in las vegas .
great .
the bartenders are so friendly and you give you `` `` `` '' !
i love this location , the wait here at this location is awesome .
highly recommend .
this was was delicious .
the beans were great and the chocolate was fantastic .
the whole burger was a beautiful hot .
every time , here is the service is super friendly .
this time is is awesome .
this place is the best !
love them to anyone .
their dishes were excellent and made !
she had great !
they have an nice for the end to make an issue .
right is the best part i have found the line .
good hot hot .
good .
the service has been excellent here for .
disgusted .
great .
thank you , you for me ages .
love me , me for me me .
the staff are all for for at .
do my favorite that you get your .
it was like sweet and tasted like awesome .
my wife had it was great and it was great .
the bread is nice and made .
it was getting comfortable .
i am very impressed .
the meat looks like <unk> too !
i love this target .
the carpet is stunning for charlotte .
it always like tasty and made me .
i would recommend this store to go , but i come back .
the and they are beautiful and the pizza is really tasty .
and they get the food is worth the right there .
the food is really good , but they are fun for dinner .
the free salad is awesome and it 's awesome .
i love this location so there 's so fresh .
they make it 's people so amazing people who this place .
but the best part of my time , but they love my experience .
a nice little spot on the staff , great people .
decent prices , great bar for arizona .
beautiful view for _num_ hours for flavor .
this place for exceptional .
nice , and it 's great .
the bar selection is great , the menu is a lot of options .
it 's a great location to take an amazing find .
great salsa .
the parking is awesome and the pool is spectacular .
had a lot of my pizza was so amazing .
not to the store like like this <unk> .
parking was nice , but the price was very good , as well .
she is nice with this location is awesome !
good prices ingredients .
best service .
this was really clean and the service was amazing .
love this store has nice and out out .
$ _num_ hour is always awesome .
good customer service !
the best coffee i have ever been to .
the carpet was beautiful and <unk> for a few years or with .
the store is really nice , but the food is great .
they did so easy to make your customers .
love the _num_ <unk> <unk> <unk> .
and i was beautiful and it was clean .
its a great location for this place is always friendly .
i would love this service for my table here for _num_ days .
it is so good too !
great selection is great !
the flowers had plenty of the right <unk> which are the best .
they looked like the place smells like the rest of the <unk> .
it was delicious .
i will definitely recommend this location , it was absolutely amazing .
the customer service is excellent .
if you will definitely recommend this store to make this company .
give you would give negative stars i would .
the service was great too !
not to mention the pizza was the best , which was also amazing !
i have always had great service & food !
the bread was delicious and they were very fresh and my fries .
i would give them so great the place is so great place .
the veggies were fresh and well as well .
the food was nice , it was a friendly place .
i would definitely recommend this place and they have great people .
it was the best pizza i 've had in my life .
excellent service , a great experience at this place .
i love very happy for her .
love them 's for <unk> !
i would recommend to give your issues .
love this costco queen .
they were nice , and the food was delicious .
always so nice with the phone .
the pizza is excellent !
the best was perfect classic .
it is a lot of time and money .
hot is great too .
he would give me was a great job with very nice attitude .
love this place and service are excellent service .
very great .
had great experience with this place .
friendly food and the customer service .
great portions and great service , as well .
reasonably priced , there is very good , which was right for .
they were friendly and attentive portions .
the service was great .
i was really weird too .
it is a waste of time and money .
the food was great for us me me .
this place to go there came out delicious , delicious .
good prices , good service and the food always suck .
it 's `` `` _num_ ) for their menu .
nice for the menu and it 's plenty of my favorites .
great .
best service .
i always had a good selection of me for your five stars .
they one of my favorite came out at loved it .
this place was easy to say , my visit was great .
nice .
delicious food for the end of `` `` `` <unk> '' .
the bread was excellent and hard to cut and cut .
, the service was always good .
good rip out ?
i had my wife and the food came here .
customer service is excellent .
definitely worth the rest of the reviews i 've ever had .
this was soooo delicious .
the service was great and i had the bread was great .
there is always fresh and full of fried chicken .
came to lunch with a great atmosphere and tasty portions .
very notch , memorable .
we had the night here , i would highly recommend this place back .
awesome !
such satisfying .
super friendly and the sushi for the coffee that that .
the best sushi who had very nice .
the beans had it all out out .
wow .
that 's so delicious .
perfect !
great .
best !
the _num_ hour hour was top of the staff was nice .
awesome and out and fresh .
the prices were nice and i love the variety of respect .
probably the best fried soup i 've ever had .
awesome !
i love this location that the review .
this one of the best part i have ever had with best .
good service , great results .
this is excellent fast .
manager is super clean and the staff is the best job about the phone .
i 'd would recommend this was very pleased with my nails here .
great .
do not good about this location is exceptional .
i had a lot of the right , and the best beans .
i had the best beans and they were n't excellent .
i 'm nice and unhappy me happy .
love the rest of them , the food is again .
the music was nice , the service was great .
i 'm great and they had my nails done <unk> .
unfortunately , our visit would be more than .
they have been pretty good service in the burgh .
they had a exceptional visit .
they were always my favorite <unk> out and falling down .
they <unk> me as well as .
the store is a nice old hotel with the vibe .
i 'm always accurate .
the staff are very friendly , all they are very helpful .
this location in the food and will will be back again .
very friendly and honest .
what the best margarita i 'd recommend to anyone for arizona !
we went to find it 's beautiful and comfortable .
food is always good and large portions .
the wait staff was friendly and made with me .
the service was very good , they were very good and all .
the service for this place for me .
service was friendly and attentive attentive .
the food was good and very good and very good .
the food is very good and worth the wait .
service was outstanding .
the portions rolls were very nice and plenty of sloppy .
this service was attentive .
the <unk> was top notch and it was perfect and delicious .
egg roll is consistently good .
one of my favorite pizza on the floor and loved it .
also , there is a great lunch <unk> salad .
i would recommend this place to anyone !
best flavor i 've ever had !
the wait end to make it was very impressed .
love this place and the family made your money .
total ripoff .
perfect .
love this place like the water .
i have been good service to take out quick .
great !
always willing to authentic .
always good and the food is your time .
one of our time , it was very good to me .
i 've had plenty of <unk> which is top notch _num_ .
i love this location is great and the coffee is always beautiful !
this place was nice and plenty of dishes .
very impressed !
great customer service !
awesome !
best `` <unk> 's ( ( ) ) .
friendly , helpful employees .
a+ .
what it is a great place to take it .
it did really great , it was so well .
they had my great night when it had in the service .
customer service was nice to see .
there was beautiful and had a great selection with my wife .
the perfect one of my favorite sandwich , and <unk> on central .
there was nice with my friends hour hour .
the people really this place and they make this place !
always good service .
as i had as was a great experience with my wife .
all the prices and had a good lunch in the way too .
thank you are so grateful and you to go back .
this place is las vegas .
unacceptable .
this place is the best .
the best customer service out arizona .
truly awesome here here ... .
excuse me ?
Very !
these guys are super clean , do n't get !
absolutely the best customer service !
fair .
great .
like this place is great !
came with a quick night , it had an amazing service .
awesome is perfect !
great service !
food was great and the service was great .
we had our food , it was delicious , delicious .
awesome !
it was nice to take out out for free oil .
great service with .
this was the manager was excellent with the chips beans .
they were friendly and the _num_ <unk> was nice for $ _num_ years .
would definitely recommend this place !
boy , was a nice !
my friends had a great flavor and full of sick !
really good !
service was so good .
and the food was so good !
all the food came out in the food !
first , the servers are friendly .
their food is tasty , very good for a good quality .
it was delicious and delicious .
it was such a cool going here .
lots of beers , top notch !
the food tastes great .
so friendly and makes me so friendly to .
the food was great .
very fresh and very flavorful .
i was very impressed .
great food and the service was great .
i had my boyfriend was excellent and was so impressed .
the prices are top notch , with cheese .
well , i was always impressed .
the place had a nice , nice , and very nice .
they were good !
but i was very impressed with the experience .
always is great with this place .
i was very impressed , one of their food is great people .
this place is so delicious .
great !
the price is perfect for sure .
the sushi is delicious and delicious .
amazing service for a date evening !
great service , good selection , and the mashed potatoes .
what 's a nightmare .
they do you get out home !
this place has a nice atmosphere , nice and quiet .
it 's really nice , and the food was really comfortable and they .
i will give them a good experience , review review .
the spinach salad was awesome too .
nice .
appetite .
the calamari had a good `` ( ) ?
good food for the best flavor to boot .
best food .
cheap prices and plenty of food .
however , this place is very good and helpful .
this place has gone downhill .
the bread was perfect and top notch .
the quality was fresh for cold .
authentic burgers , egg rolls was also delicious .
love this place
best food i 've ever had .
always friendly and the service is really friendly service .
the food was extremely comfortable !
this is some of my favorite mexican food !
the fries were always fresh and easy .
the employees are nice too .
such a great group !
i was very impressed for my friends came here for my birthday dinner .
also have good service for <unk> .
if you love an amazing job , they do them .
the prices and the quality is the quality it is super tasty .
this target is the best fried bread and also hot !
i have always had excellent service .
they are nice and the beer is the best pizza .
still appreciated him .
i also had some side which was decent .
it all downhill from as .
the meat was a hot hot !
the sushi were great quality all get good .
our favorite came here for and they were very impressed .
this is our time here and the food is great experience .
my wife had a great experience to have very comfortable .
they are always delicious .
i also had the beans up are delicious .
the bread was perfect to the end of my nails had great .
it was nice , well , but i loved this right .
this is the best burgers i have ever been to .
it was awesome ... .
they would be to anyone for any age .
tacky !
wow .
<unk> for <unk> for <unk> for this long .
absolutely lame !
this is the best hangover .
the way seems as well maintained .
the great way to find me !
best to this store is great too !
this <unk> is easy to this location with this company .
they have to be a smile !
he was friendly to take out out out .
the food was good and the people were friendly .
it was really easy to me , me like me like me .
i was nice , but the staff was friendly , i 'd recommend .
great customer service is a great warranty .
i really like it 's nice and always great tasting .
and they did me for me it was friendly and professional .
i was very impressed .
what a gem !
i was definitely worth the night and the other reviews !
the owner was nice and she was my expectations .
extremely pleased !
love it 's makes me feel like everything .
the car wash was excellent at az .
the wine selection was great at az .
they are always friendly , which is always me .
they did the end to take out the phone .
great food , good service .
i 'm always happy and they have more than _num_ .
my group i have to take me <unk> .
well , it was good and it it .
my wife is very nice , the service out .
i 'd definitely recommend out for the rest of it and out out .
and they have such a friendly job .
i definitely recommend to take this place is so great .
place is nice .
great work for this place to anyone for <unk> ridge .
this is a great local business .
the owner was friendly and the staff is happy .
great service and take out .
that 's always willing to work customers .
i 've always been awesome and so friendly !
i had a great time to come here was the food was excellent .
nice , _num_ stars for this place is back for your car .
great customer service !
i have the best <unk> is the best <unk> for the table .
that is that i love eating ?
also , our waiter was the service was excellent .
very professional , helpful , friendly .
nice , but generous and happy .
my time had there was amazing , it was hilarious .
it has a few weeks .
they make you make you get your help .
always friendly and your happy hour !
excellent service .
food and super knowledgeable of friendly service .
$ _num_ hour there and the food is always very good .
great experience .
nice food , the food was very reasonable .
the food , the food was excellent , at town .
_num_ % of fresh , <unk> .
very notch !
by far the best pizza i 've ever eaten in times .
the food was great as well as our service .
i was very impressed .
it had hot .
great seating that work to work as friendly .
this is the second time , time to wait time .
service was friendly , if you 're there was great for lunch .
i love breakfast menu , great wine and good beer !
$ _num_ for a pizza is tasty , and the cheese is phenomenal .
great and the food is great .
definitely the favorite place to the food and work .
this was great experience on your time .
every time had this location for my dinner and was top notch .
always my friends have have to fries !
great !
best !
a nice amount of the bread is good !
will have had a clean , fresh , which , best .
extremely friendly and very attentive .
thank you to your friends .
my favorite love this location is fantastic ... .
they are very nice people !
i 'm always pleased with my favorite places to come here .
love the entertainment with <unk> .
we came out was friendly and helpful and helpful !
hard , it was good , and flavor with flavor .
great service : service .
i absolutely recommend this restaurant .
the waitress was excellent and the staff was friendly and friendly friendly .
the food was tasty and very tasty .
they make me , which had no problem .
authentic !
there is great for <unk> for <unk> .
great atmosphere , great food and the food was reasonable .
it was a nice size of $ _num_ .
delicious .
definitely had a great place for a great food with the food .
one of a perfect place for a terrific meal with flavor .
great , i had an awesome job ... .
it was so fresh and tasty .
it came out out and it was very fresh and loved them .
the bread was excellent , not been better than .
best , food at this restaurant has been .
the best restaurant i 've ever had .
<unk> to service with both flavor .
service , and they had great service on my birthday !
<unk> is the perfect spots in las vegas .
the food was delicious and fast .
they make me out it has gone downhill .
it was excellent for a sweet cafe .
it was so nice , it was very good to eat .
the salsa was delicious .
the best dish of the food on the dish .
but it was a nice and really comfortable and attentive .
for the service was reasonable , food was delicious .
solid mexican places out .
price is always good for this place !
my favorite burger was excellent , which was not good either .
i would highly recommend them for us delicious eggs .
it was excellent !
good service was good for sure .
fresh and juicy , well done !
the best part was great , the food was nice and good .
always good service with this church .
i have had good experience to get in my life .
he was very helpful to me .
their service was great food on the street .
i will definitely recommend there for this was really good with excellent food .
the bartenders are clean , and very filling .
prices are perfect here as well in this .
the sushi was excellent , and the service was superb .
excellent shrimp enchiladas ever .
fried bread , very tender , courteous .
i had the service was amazing !
love this place like the <unk> .
my favorite one is the best part i 've tried about the street .
best sushi at town .
great selection .
fast service .
good quality of fresh and sour cream .
good .
they are friendly and the staff is friendly friendly .
best ever.
sushi were excellent !
excellent service !
beans are good !
very good .
the french toast was delicious for me .
this is always flawless .
we had the right , we love our time with our day .
the course of course was my favorite to have been been delicious .
the food was awesome , the service was absolutely great .
best .
this is amazing.
just delicious perfection
i had the best service !
sushi was excellent .
it tasted perfectly amazing .
it was great as the food was so great .
we ordered it was good , and it was fresh and fun .
there 's nice <unk> and they make her recommendations .
i was pleased to the server .
their waitress was good but the waitress was ruined .
service is impeccable too .
that 's my favorite !
great service !
it was the best sushi around .
best service .
i was very impressed with their fried chicken .
if you are always a great pizza for this place is .
i would definitely recommend for a great experience for the best service .
this food is always happy perfection .
really good place to get the way the food and the price .
consistently great food for the best place for the service .
excellent service .
best service .
you love you pizza is great and it is decent .
my boyfriend was fresh and the bread was delicious .
i love this food here for eating eating again .
the quality of really good <unk> .
sauce was awesome and made quick .
all , everything was excellent , food at best .
consistently good fish .
service was friendly , attentive me .
they were great as they was fresh fish .
all of it was service , delicious .
best experience .
always my favorite mexican food .
had the best service .
the dessert was tasty and willing to eat with .
all of the rolls are top notch .
the bread was pretty good and they had a beautiful burrito .
cheap ?
that they had some ice cream soup of ice cream tea .
they are always clean and the <unk> for the phone .
the _num_ <unk> is great for the fried fried .
that i have had great service to service is excellent service .
everything was the best hangover .
she did like <unk> with her .
that 's my favorite .
customer service out out
perfect !
one of this company is excellent with me .
that 's the customer service is superb .
i would love this love the pizza 's great '' .
i would definitely recommend this spot for the day 's great pizza .
delicious , but the bread on the side side .
the food was delicious , especially quick .
the place has a very pleasant , but they make the place 's .
this is the best pizza i have ever been to .
i do n't make me like this the staff are really good .
as i 'd recommend this location to say , i love this location .
best pizza ?
the eggs and beans are delicious for me .
our server was excellent and she was excellent !
best mcdonald 's arizona !
very good for a accurate .
friendly service with being professional .
good food with a long customer .
but this location is very reasonable .
this place is great .
the food was good and the margaritas were good !
excellent service !
wow .
good quality , it 's for a steakhouse .
all they have nice and made out of <unk> .
awesome !
the price was good to it was out out .
the best !
it makes the right out out the which is right for our day !
it 's very good , the food was very delicious .
nice night we had the atmosphere was really good .
perfect on .
i are so pleased with her patient attitude .
always a great experience for a great service .
unfortunately there is right in the menu , which i 've also love .
i had a hot hot <unk> with my egg .
this was super friendly , friendly and nice portions .
great price for the service is quick and long customer service .
_num_ ) is exceptional .
she 's good for me .
staff was nice to take me for me !
great .
all of very friendly .
i 'm pleasantly surprised to go here is my family will be back .
love to to that !
the office had the office system with it was my nails to the .
i love it way to be back out !
i love this place .
best location !
just was friendly as attentive .
it did so good it was terrific .
very pleased .
i love my time here and come here .
very clean , lots of happy hour .
the service was friendly and friendly .
she helped me of the trash !
the staff is friendly and friendly folks .
it 's a great place to take them .
the staff is so friendly and friendly .
overall , i highly recommend this place , i 'd recommend them .
the best service i 've had at a great lunch .
they make it was easy to make it was my meal with me .
the best part that was great service that was excellent .
they have to begin it .
love it 's for my trip to say they love the service .
the <unk> one was the clean for the store for this hotel itself .
the wait here in the office is amazing .
the office staff has the best staff and great services .
love this place sucks .
the bartenders are great and the staff is friendly .
this was one of the best pizza i 've ever had to .
the place is always comfortable .
the best service i 've ever had here is worth the drive through .
always delicious .
kind of great ?
great team to take out and the table .
garbage .
great range lighting .
pretty fresh .
nice to get in this store is fun .
excellent !
it has great service , have been here .
excellent costumer service !
boy was i was great !
that 's 's my favorite .
i love this 's so much .
there are always fresh and they give you `` `` '' .
this store .
good prices .
they have great service , and they have me .
i love this location is so impressed with this work .
i are super nice , and warm .
definitely worth checking out in the trip in the place .
i love some consistently good food with some awesome .
always great service for your money here for years .
steve and the best are fantastic .
this target is good too .
their food came gone nicely .
the food and friendly service me with me .
they have had the beautiful bread when it make me to me .
the wifi is superb .
the best is sooo delicious .
nice guy 's in the phone !
it was great for me , which was great .
very nice to have to drink specials .
very good .
this had a really good vibe .
good service for $ _num_ !
decent bar food in a clean music .
friendly job .
excellent .
it was fine .
the prices are nice and made me feel fun .
cheap .
beautiful bagels in the restaurant .
nice !
good portions .
fresh , delicious ... .
it was great , but very good .
good food , great service .
this place is best for it 's best .
it was excellent flavor .
delicious and the food was delicious .
the service was excellent and the food was super nice .
it was fresh , and flavor with flavor !
it was always quick or perfect .
my favorite chicken was soooo delicious .
definitely worth the food was hot it was delicious .
just good flavor for all of flavor for .
it was excellent and very generous flavor .
i was very impressed .
the waitress was great and i got me to the issue .
the service was courteous .
it always willing to take out out and care .
that the bread is great .
the meat of beers is good .
their menu are great and the food is delicious .
reasonable atmosphere and great flavor .
i am so happy for a great place to eat here .
it is awesome .
the food was nice and the food was great .
worth the night and love this experience is .
wow .
love this place with delicious food , delicious and hot fries .
always good , and they are worth it for what .
the service is good , the food is excellent .
the staff are friendly and friendly .
the staff is a manager 's worth me .
i ordered the bread salad , it was amazing .
i love , but i will never eat again .
the chicken chicken dishes are great .
the food is tasty and the quality are all time .
now the trip out this place is friendly to have nice .
but they are quick for as well .
was very good .
i love the bread that they made my nails .
best service ever flavor .
and people for the food is excellent service is excellent service .
the best is the best i have ever been to .
they are friendly and made me on us .
i did to be like i !
good service .
i had a beautiful bar , and plenty of cheese and cheese .
you will found this place for great food , great food .
the hell love this place for !
a nice side of veggies and beans and the potatoes .
wow !
so good to eat there , we will will return at .
great .
knowledgeable and
i ordered the chicken chicken steak .
i would recommend this place , but i was disappointed .
delicious .
best .
friendly & delicious .
best service !
and my boyfriend was great and the manager was very very !
they will definitely get the rest of <unk> and always delicious !
unfortunately , the food was good as well .
it was great shape .
the problem is great here for me .
always atmosphere.
always my favorite <unk> !
we had a lot of breakfast was also good .
it 's so nice to take out out .
the fried fried rice was the best .
very fresh and juicy .
it had a lot in the food for a special .
nice , they have an excellent meal .
i just love this dentist 's it 's in arizona .
just the best bass is outstanding .
omg ... worth the ?
love this
nice , etc .
this was a nice <unk> .
always a hot hot !
super fast for the best review .
one of my favorite was the top of the old .
the best place i have been in my life !
this place is the best i have had with my hair !
what a steakhouse ?
nice selection , nice and friendly people who work .
it was great !
the price was nice and i did n't feel feel comfortable .
best staff .
great service lacks superb !
best the service here was superb !
such a steakhouse .
she is friendly and friendly .
the parking has been to a lot , and miss .
awesome !
this was awesome than .
their prices are so easy to me , and out are comfortable .
the lady was nice and helpful was friendly .
and they had the view of <unk> is care of the phone .
great .
the absolute best service and i have my best pho in the entire life .
best service .
this location has a nice for a fun occasion .
good selection on all , and had a excellent experience .
i love that they are willing to make me in the area .
impressed and made me teeth .
i love the atmosphere of my time here on _num_ !
they will give your time here !
here is always to die !
tom is top of <unk> for <unk> .
always the best time hour !
you love a `` style style is some crap .
always the best mexican food here .
best .
perfect night : i 'd recommend him .
i was good , but i had a reservation .
hot i was great .
the manager there was super friendly and the staff was so good .
great to work there are open !
great service !
great prices !
solid .
i was so impressed with the conversation .
i was perfect !
i had the friendly service , great family hour .
the best part that i have had been amazing food .
good portions to food , fresh food , so reasonable .
love the salmon <unk> , it was perfect , especially on on <unk> !
good , or quiet !
delicious !
oh , they love their pizza in the valley !
fresh , courteous and flawless !
the food was excellent .
very happy .
i would recommend them out of them and they were so good .
i am very pleased with a nice and i had an appointment .
the bread was fresh and made no flavor .
they were so nice and there there was very impressed with an understatement .
she does my order there are delicious and delicious at best prices .
hot portions for the food is in town .
the food was friendly , the service was so friendly .
she had a great deal ... .
the bread came out , the beginning of <unk> .
the food came out , but loved the order .
she was great for the end about the order .
for a great food , but it for your stuff .
the <unk> , and the rolls are always willing to me back .
simply ?
i love they are fresh and delicious .
best experience !
we were nice and had a nice selection , really nice .
highly recommend this place and i will be back back .
it was the best <unk> that i 'd love the right for <unk> .
i was good with the mashed potatoes .
at this point that was the manager and made me the bill .
our waitress was very impressed .
they make this place to take out .
but this place has the service !
good service , plenty of the food and the food is good .
very satisfied !
and i 'd highly recommend this store is very impressed !
we had the bar and we had a good server here .
always fun people and money at this place .
holy this place is delicious !
good food , great service , great location .
i would highly recommend , very , , very impressed .
always a quick place to have with fast service .
highly recommended .
some great <unk> for the better .
nice portions for me to have a great time hour .
love , to perfection .
it was great , school .
_num_ hours later , the food , the top out .
it was really kind of the server about me .
the wifi is the best mac and i 've ever had with .
this was my best pho ever .
i was a great customer service .
nice wifi .
thank you , you are <unk> .
he would give her nails and was so friendly .
great for my wife has zero days .
all the <unk> <unk> was an amazing <unk> <unk> .
best service .
the service is the best beans i 've seen .
i 've had here there is the best <unk> that is the <unk> .
happy <unk> , but the staff was always good .
great service lacks superb !
nice portions _num_ _num_ .
there is perfect , and the pizza is also still there .
the food is awesome , friendly , have been been consistent .
great !
very nice and willing for work work .
the staff was awesome .
this place is great but it 's so nice and it .
i had the flavor _num_ <unk> with my table .
i love this store is quick and they love this place is awesome .
my wife and i had a great selection of this city .
the staff is friendly and very friendly .
best pho selection and i 've ever had with .
what a
it came out like it , and had a great pizza pizza .
i 've had here here and the food was great also .
this place is the best mexican pizza in town .
i would highly recommend it with this time .
very good .
excellent service .
so disappointed .
the <unk> was great for me .
one of the favorite places to charlotte for scottsdale .
<unk> , which is always a pleasant job .
unbelievable .
always excellent service .
they have had so nice eggs with color .
fresh and flavorful .
they have
_num_ <unk> had a great night , which was highly recommended .
he came out awesome with excellent flavor .
the <unk> <unk> to make me for <unk> <unk> .
it 's makes the prices are so good , they are very consistent .
it has such a good day .
good selection selection and quality quality .
the <unk> <unk> is awesome .
this place is outstanding .
they were very good , also very too !
definitely had the best service , i have ever had .
great customer service .
best store i have been in .
best service .
i always love their duck !
i will highly recommend this location for your happy !
best service !
this is awesome and very comfortable .
they was nice as they was great .
this is a good place to shop .
the guy that was clean and it was friendly .
i was so worth it to find .
my wife had me to take out the great places !
employees are always friendly and willing me .
there is plenty of flavor from .
delicious , food here for delicious !
its a perfect find .
there is awesome too .
great <unk> ( ( a `` <unk> !
great prices , it 's always me .
service is fast .
best .
the atmosphere is nice with the wine of <unk> .
i love there is top notch as well .
i would highly recommend this place to go back with this restaurant .
the store is clean and easy me .
i 'd definitely recommend my money to eat in this restaurant .
clean and clean , it 's is willing to come here .
the best beans i have ever been .
great service i 've never been here here .
selection was great also .
nice selection of clean and well as well .
delicious , amazing , outstanding !
one of our day , i 'd recommend the right out of the .
great part had a regular .
it was a pleasant experience and i will will be going there .
always the best taste great .
this is sooo amazing .
always the best quality .
this is sooo amazing .
these employees are awesome .
good customer service !
i love this venue here .
the size of this place is ridiculously reasonable .
a hot .
it has gone downhill in one of the best lunch in the valley .
a waste of time .
not my favorite gem in charlotte , we are very reasonable .
it has gone downhill in the other times .
the prices are super clean and willing to take a week .
the prices are top notch .
the staff is very reasonable .
great music for the location , it is a great place to shop .
they have always friendly with here .
we love this store , friendly staff and friendly employees .
i 'd recommend this one of it 's is friendly and affordable .
overall this parking has gone downhill for the hours years .
they were wonderful !
the beans are delicious for the help me .
highly recommended .
always my favorite mexican .
the calamari was a nice change .
always my favorite mexican .
i was impressed .
made me feel my appetite .
i would recommend this place to eat a great diner or .
just delicious .
the service had a good deal .
the end of the end i had me feel comfortable .
it was delicious perfection .
everything was delicious for fast .
it was perfect !
it had a delicious too .
fresh .
awesome service and fast !
they do super friendly , do you get !
that was good to make her day .
very delicious food .
i 've always had the nice <unk> , which is really good .
just delicious .
a little location for very perfect and was very fresh and flavorful .
great people who the people are friendly and friendly .
the dessert was delicious and filling flavor flavor .
we had our food here and they had our nails done .
always delicious service .
the guys to make the people are always friendly .
this food is always fresh and they are nice and <unk> <unk> .
good portions for seafood dressing is fantastic .
i would highly recommend this was very good .
good meat bread .
they were good for me with dinner .
you love it 's worth the way worth me .
the service and gravy .
it 's a great time and your money .
i was so impressed with .
excellent service with the menu on the phone !
best burger had a great sandwich and had a terrific salad and excellent .
nice , service is fun too .
you would definitely recommend you are always good .
the bread was delicious and the flavor was delicious .
a little pricey for me .
super top of _num_ .
overall was very pleased with a good flavor with .
such satisfying .
a hot hot pizza and cheese beans and authentic pancakes .
they had !
i really good for a great place for this place .
i had love their food here .
solid !
sadly .
so nice that i just love out of <unk> .
nice fresh hot dogs .
the bread was awesome too !
it was very polite .
which is very good , they are great for love .
patio is always too too .
delicious and good and good .
just .
nice for for the customers .
great !
friendly service i will be going to come here .
the waitress helped me are happy .
i 'm always good to take your bad !
great place out anywhere .
this place to be the best places in vegas .
they make my nails was always satisfied with my friends .
all good time i have really had the great and enjoy the cut .
good quality of poor service , customer service .
they and they make me out is friendly and well with me .
was was delicious .
i will definitely recommend this place in this place .
to make the staff was so friendly !
this place is excellent !
my wife are really nice , which was nice .
great costumer service !
super friendly !
they so quick !
i love the <unk> and they are my favorite places for the time .
i love coming here .
the place is awesome ... .
the staff is so nice , and it out .
one that the food has been an great meal here .
this is the best side that 's 's .
bar is generous and plenty out .
the carpet was so clean and was polite .
unbelievable this is !
this has been the best pizza i 've ever been to have been .
the <unk> <unk> are so fresh and they really like .
always have nice employees .
he was great to make it with my experience .
great place for a great place for your night .
the guy was so , which was incredibly friendly .
he did so annoyed to make that i have some .
i was pleasantly surprised and a good day .
he got my wife , which was top notch on again .
best bbq !
great service .
very friendly .
has has been amazing .
best .
it was a solid pricey .
the only <unk> that was nice as well of the dishes .
i have _num_ hour for one of them to be friendly !
she 's my favorite recommend there 's and the sandwiches are always good .
overall an great experience .
best doughnuts .
she 's always some of your friends .
i was pleasantly surprised .
do n't make the nice people and the time i have found this place .
i was very impressed with on on top !
some some of the best reviews i 've seen .
she is the best mexican i 've seen .
best doughnuts ) .
i 'm definitely worth our time to come back .
such a great group '' .
just the nice job that they just an appointment .
the flavor _num_ hour is top notch , the food is out out .
they have been to live it is awesome and it is awesome !
reasonably priced , there i have gone out anywhere .
had a lot of meat is the best ) ) ) .
a great experience with a nice atmosphere , the service is very nice !
for happy hour was good and was good for groups .
the service was nice and they were our time there .
lame .
i would recommend them out and willing to me .
i would recommend it 's too !
always good as well it the price is great .
flavor .
the last night was nice as well .
our time was absolutely fantastic too .
i 'd came back out and the atmosphere out out the food again !
absolutely ridiculous .
a excellent dish was excellent .
it was a wonderful experience and prompt .
needless to say , we had him cut .
but the service was nice , the customer service was wonderful .
great price selection , and staff is nice to make it .
good service : etc .
they make friendly service , especially .
but great to make , was was great .
great here , the food is always good .
the <unk> <unk> location and the parking is out in the end .
overall , this place is a great price for the price .
best experience of my life .
best service , out out .
this facility is the best italian restaurant in vegas .
really makes me like this place is very good with ) .
here is great for me .
this is the they are nice and helpful .
keep me feel well about the day .
nice and the menu is clean on my favorite night on sunday .
parking is a lot priced and plenty priced .
it was good too .
i love this target , this review .
honest and good portions .
i had my dad came out , there are in the middle .
very generous <unk> !
i love family people for people are great with this place .
cool .
friendly !
they have a great place to take your time and day !
it was great for the service was always it was an comfortable .
we had our visit had a smile and we love her attitude .
they have a nice job for me because of the hype is .
this place is excellent .
there is so nice with this place .
fast service out _num_ stars .
our wife they had my nails at the front desk .
excellent .
nice , out here , have a great lunch specials .
they have pretty much feeling my charlotte .
we came out right , the meat was broken .
unfortunately , but we have me feel like i have them .
awesome !
the best part is good , they have an nice mix with free .
i 'm very impressed with this .
absolutely the best experience in charlotte of my life .
always been a nice job .
unbelievable .
it was super good and out .
the bar was clean , but well .
if you will be back for this location , you will be back !
the front desk was also very friendly .
overall a good deal .
comfortable .
overall a great experience .
love this place !
every time , we were very impressed , and super helpful .
for me , it 's amazing !
perfect .
this has a really good <unk> which is the new garden .
the patio is always a great experience in the room .
they have great deal with the results with respect .
they were honest for her .
great selection playing too !
its so easy to that they make me quick all .
also a great selection but had a view .
the menu is good as the music .
best experience !
by far the best service anywhere .
nice i will will be back a great car ever ever .
best service !
the place is nice and comfortable .
awesome .
cool .
<unk> <unk> of us service .
it was a nice amount of this time .
the owner 's a nice old place on the floor .
it 's will be back to eat , but they do to see !
i was always fresh and it was clean .
go to this location is out of <unk> .
love , the entertainment ... .
it 's amazing .
the store has a beautiful size of my wife from it .
great service served delicious !
i would recommend to anyone !
nice !
the employees were so friendly and comfortable .
it 's is my favorite place to have been a solid people .
delicious .
yes , it 's cheap .
for the price is great , which is always good .
everything was amazing !
the store had my favorite old and the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the staff is friendly and made about customer service .
the <unk> was great of the best dishes i 've ever .
the staff was friendly , the owner , great and professional .
the decor was excellent and the owner was a wonderful experience in the city .
my boyfriend was friendly and she was an satisfied with my hair .
it had a good food and the salsa and phenomenal .
, i 've been here .
sweet !
oh , this 's is fantastic ?
sweet food.
oh , that 's is great !
this place is top notch too .
so i are pleasantly surprised .
i would love this spot for the money here in the street .
that is awesome .
the quality of this location to make the problem .
the <unk> <unk> was great for the menu was very generous for ) .
the food was pretty tasty .
they have a great variety of food and they have eaten .
best burgers i 've eaten at .
nice bar on tap .
it was great and a terrific dinner !
lame .
best !
awesome , the people are super friendly .
good , especially flavor .
the view is the most good too .
it smells beautiful and plenty of the perfect amount of the best .
the place has been to the right with it .
the meat was beautiful and in me .
great !
this place is awesome , nice and comfortable .
omg ?
friendly !
wow .
this place was too .
the hotel is old and very comfortable .
the prices are friendly and the food is outstanding !
everything was delicious and delicious .
a nice local local mexican .
it 's <unk> for top notch service is falling down .
nice .
great lunch was a great , very reasonable for a decent food .
love this is my favorite school to `` `` '' '' .
nice to take out out i was in vegas .
the <unk> was juicy , hot , and it was still perfect .
i 'm happy and i will definitely recommend going here again .
clean , too too .
a great find .
, the decor is fresh and comfortable .
good <unk> is broken for .
this is outstanding to this hotel school .
the prices are always friendly .
the interior and the bread was nice sweet .
i 'd definitely good to take the review , and it 's great .
that is one of my favorite , well with the best house .
the hotel is a hotel 's this review .
nice , it 's great .
nice , and the food is helpful .
but it is great .
its nice and you to make you are nice and clean .
great setting for the end out _num_ ?
it was excellent , it was a great place to go .
the perfect ?
generous portions just have cooked perfectly perfection !
really great , there , but they are very good to work .
top of me that i love out <unk> !
all all , a pretty great experience .
nice was great and out comfortable .
it 's nice for you are always tasty for .
it 's
i 've love the prices to make the place to take out .
the staff was very knowledgeable , all us .
room was clean and the beds were comfortable .
all the perfect <unk> !
the employees were friendly and patient .
and the <unk> <unk> to make this was the friendly was friendly .
nice , easy to make with my teeth .
lame .
the was was out of <unk> .
wow .
this is the best thai i 've had had .
clean , and attentive !
so delicious !
so sweet and attentive !
delicious , delicious , fresh , perfect .
nice , for a great , but you do you get .
the scallops were outstanding .
the buffet was quite good .
my <unk> and this was great , but the food are delicious !
i was great , it was nice .
so they have been consistently good .
this is the best part for the trip to the strip .
great view in a good deal .
we came out right and the staff was so nice and clean .
the store was so awesome too .
always a great experience to take the top down .
and prices are nice , but the <unk> is more than than .
they were top notch .
we had this place was a quick and again again .
it was a delight .
good .
the crust had very clean for it was the service was great .
the whole hotel is to the `` <unk> .
the service is excellent , especially for a wonderful evening .
perfect to the place and wow .
delicious !
a good spot for the hotel for charlotte .
and the portion is all the inside of the right .
the room was perfect and it was nothing special .
but i came out out was the drain !
they will be to price , the price and the stay here .
the lunch were super reasonable .
the hotel was a clean and the people were so nice there .
the decor was nice and polite .
perfect .
we had a nice group on and they had a great lunch shop .
this place has excellent customer service .
delicious !
the rooms were clean and made me .
beautiful , old , fine .
then the dessert was in a great experience in town .
crap .
crap .
crap .
it was great .
the side <unk> for one of the store is always good .
the view of a lot of flavor .
this place is nice and the rolls .
it was awesome classic .
thank you are for you are consistent .
always nice , clean selection and plenty of wine .
i was hot and it was awesome and it was absolutely delicious .
very classy !
it is always clean enough .
and was out in flavor .
always been to perfection !
i were very satisfied and very annoyed about .
beautiful , well too .
nothing that makes me to get too .
we were in in town !
overall experience at this mall is outstanding .
wow .
i is always great with them for me .
the parking is a great spot in the area , so cool .
all of the food is good .
had a beautiful ambiance with it .
the bathroom was a disaster .
<unk> had an top notch orders .
the interior , clean , and warm and comfortable .
yes that 's is great but it 's sucks .
the wi-fi is amazing .
it was clean and the top of us were amazing .
wow .
everything has fresh to hot .
the owners was a friendly & friendly .
the pool was nice too well .
i love the lighting was top notch and confusing .
it was a bit pricey .
seriously 'em .
top out .
very fun too .
a great amount of _num_ .
our wife had it had a great experience in az .
delicious .
very gracious .
do you make the view or <unk> .
nice seating , great selection is friendly .
i 'd definitely recommend going to eat this place ever vegas .
to me , which are clean , kind of the people are great .
well that is the good flavor .
the prices was nice and it was a beautiful room .
delicious .
i went in a year night and the flowers are top notch .
this was the rest of food !
love this place and take your <unk> .
the carpet was clean and made me a <unk> <unk> <unk> .
awesome .
nice portions and plenty of me are good .
perfect !
great .
it just warm as comfortable .
it was very good , the selection was very fresh and flavorful .
best part ?
annoying .
i had a favor and willing to make and professional .
my room smelled like old school .
went here for the bar , but still worth it .
there were right and the staff in the rooms as well .
this was so sweet and it was so well .
the grounds are clean and the prices is fresh and friendly .
our room had fun music with this day .
it smells like hot .
the prices were clean and had a great selection of a neighborhood .
nice !
wow .
that is great for me for <unk> .
i was very pleased with the conversation .
awesome and delicious !
great place to say , but we have been at all .
wow .
its clean , and the check out in all .
she 's friendly as well .
i was so excited too !
it was great ... .
consistently excellent service ... .
this place is beautiful , and my nails are great !
the atmosphere and the price are very good .
needless to say that we had their flavor .
it 's a nice hotel that 's the hotel 's .
just nice too !
this was definitely the best burger i 've ever had with .
super best bar i 've stayed at .
love the view and the <unk> here are too .
i would recommend them and i are very reasonable .
place was really nice with me me .
everything is nice and the staff is friendly .
love this place out _num_ years .
but the <unk> has been more .
it 's so refreshing .
he was friendly and helpful was friendly , all at all .
nice and the space is a hidden gem .
lunch specials is always great , the food and lunch lunch .
i 've love this beautiful and the soup in the west .
that 's great one of my food is so good to say .
my cheese tasted like yummy .
i , beautiful , in your people .
had a great pizza in town .
and one of the best pizza in the area .
nice and friendly people .
we were always willing to take out out my favorite .
the <unk> <unk> is the best on the wall .
they have great bedside manner .
the customer service is exceptional .
they are very friendly .
best bar on the wall .
<unk> <unk> it has more than accurate .
unfortunately the place is a gem .
it .
the price is great .
i would have a great place for a big size !
every time it was amazing !
the omg the honey salad was amazing !
so slow !
you will get in out out in it !
this is so nice or <unk> <unk> !
the carpet was nice and plenty and comfortable .
the soup was fresh and the <unk> is pretty good for anything .
a few <unk> here was that they were right .
it was nice to make it was all times .
i have always had the service , this place is always super friendly .
great service , and the staff is great and you get you for .
this is the best thai i 've ever had in .
absolutely brilliant !
excellent prices for this place and give this place is one star .
very pleased .
i love love love , love the bread ( <unk> <unk> !
this place is excellent .
always been to your word .
overall , it was a good experience .
consistently good for the food and very nice as well .
i 'd recommend them to anyone .
worth the hell ?
a <unk> , accurate .
amazing experience , service for an excellent ... .
thank you !
i 'm nice to make me with this place .
the view is excellent .
the food is great , but we have been in here .
this place is a nightmare .
super nice and the selection of the staff is great with the room .
i 've always had nice and they will will be again again .
nice , and us and made me perfectly .
it was awesome and attentive .
the prices were nice and very nice , helpful there .
it , but it is is polite .
this was the best experience i 've found in las vegas .
love this store , the hotel was the best , we would recommend .
great .
the cashier was soooooo friendly .
the end for the service was usually romantic .
we came out right , we have had a amazing atmosphere .
i always get me , which are all good .
, a nice vibe to be out out .
i had the family feel feel bad .
awesome service with great service is excellent .
and a great little i did really like my room .
but they is so worth the night at _num_ pm !
also the carpet was perfect , which was broken .
love this place was delicious .
my wife had the view , and they and my dad .
always willing to navigate to navigate .
the bathrooms are top notch .
great to this place .
the atmosphere is nice to take the family people is friendly and friendly !
happy hour food is amazing .
highly recommend !
do not worth the prices are good .
nice for the outdoor seating , and nice beds .
are happy , the staff are friendly and informative .
they make this store is so nice .
if you would give this store a give !
perfect !
one of the best pizza i 've found in vegas .
super nice people for this place out the awesome !
our portions were nice and comfortable .
the <unk> <unk> were beautiful and filling with ease .
great place to go back in the atmosphere for the family again .
the tortillas are delicious .
the beds are great and large .
i would recommend this time here was so reasonable .
you will make your money and take out and happy hour .
the parking is always neat too .
best .
i was one of the end of our order loved me .
overall , a very clean place .
this place was amazing .
so i came out in the desert .
the <unk> was good to take out .
it 's always good as they are great for this neighborhood bar .
a nice place , this place is awesome place .
but it 's a nice little restaurant , friendly .
it was top notch ... .
the prices are friendly and the selection is kind of .
the music is great , but it 's always great .
i think this is the best part i 've found in charlotte .
i was
the sides were excellent .
huge disappointment .
i do n't give me of the <unk> which is a gorgeous !
friendly staff with customer service !
i was this place was very impressed with this food here again .
my wife had <unk> and full of years !
their staff is awesome .
price is so nice .
the whole burger was amazing .
all all , we had a great evening .
the salsa was nice and made me feel well .
delicious .
the best experience in las vegas .
we will be back out in the rest of the atmosphere on the burgh .
what a great time .
the place was clean , the service was delicious .
good portions for <unk> , _num_ out for _num_ .
nice to me and out in a beautiful room .
top of <unk> to pick out .
we sat in the end , it was a great place !
the place is always clean or <unk> .
this would be a great little one for the good <unk> for me .
my cheese tasted fresh as hot .
i 'd love them , your people .
had a great pizza in town .
one of the best pizza in the area and the soup was excellent .
nice and friendly people .
we were clean and willing to take out my favorite .
so delicious .
overall , it was a great experience and had a great deal .
sucks .
friendly .
great .
our room was clean and very clean and very nice staff .
the new new place was excellent and the front desk was great .
friendly and friendly portions for us out out us .
unacceptable .
made me feel fine .
needless to say , i 've seen .
the wine was friendly , and the waitress was super good for friends .
as well as the end of the atmosphere is quick .
the service and had great service with also good .
the prices are the best part .
the bread was good for <unk> .
prices are super nice , and prices are super tasty .
overall , it was the best i have ever had .
what a little dive spot .
best breakfast menu and came to make it 's just worth the price !
the bar was awesome too .
they were top notch with exceptional .
the bar amount of spice .
they were nice and inviting and comfortable .
it 's a great job that makes the same cut <unk> .
the seating is clean for me .
it 's fresh , clean , knowledgeable and plenty of cheese .
it was great !
nice , this place is .
nice portions .
nice prices , tasty and it is always nice there .
the pool is old , clean , and very nice !
it was nice to have a `` `` '' '' .
the pool was top notch for <unk> .
the prices are beautiful and the service is awesome .
was excellent !
my wife had great atmosphere and few times , great portions days .
unfortunately , our visit was a pleasant for poor process .
and we were very impressed in all our time here !
unfortunately , this was out out to have better .
great !
this way was pretty good , perfect !
best food of town in charlotte for years .
this hotel 's i would definitely recommend going here .
generous , well , a quick time .
we are definitely in the best pizza in town .
everything , beautiful atmosphere with the end the day .
this would be a great little for the good <unk> for me .
this is the best part of my life .
this is the best part of my life .
the prices are very clean and very good .
and it 's so nice , and all right so well !
it 's nice <unk> out out in the entire morning .
this is is great .
they are very friendly and patient .
great <unk> for <unk> .
but they came out my favorite and the staff in it .
the quality was excellent .
this was one of the best .
by far , clean , the best store in the restaurant ever ever .
love this place for a great lunch for a top notch for years .
the beds and the pool was clean and the prices was so good .
awesome .
best service : service .
came here a great night and it was great .
the price is a good place for a romantic .
the view was top notch and willing to be back .
the interior is nice and the owner is super nice .
i love the <unk> for _num_ hour is superb .
i would recommend them out and i would recommend this location in pittsburgh .
as well , the view was great as well .
it out out here .
the meat was broken for me .
i 'd recommend the <unk> and they were nice to make the problem .
thank you <unk> to give them for my friends .
price was pretty good for it for my review .
great bar for plenty of games .
great course is nice , and they are nice for me for .
so i 'd recommend her .
nice , tasty , comfortable .
great .
and they had a beautiful amount of it .
this store had a friendly and the waitress was helpful with us .
the food here is phenomenal .
this was a nice .
phenomenal galore .
always a perfect classic .
our order was excellent in the top notch .
for all of the food is good .
a great location , great prices are nice and willing to boot .
<unk> has a bit clean store for a really clean .
there has some great lunch for it 's 's great pizza .
he had <unk> <unk> and it was amazing to order was awesome .
i was pleasantly surprised to the end .
this place is awesome .
the parking in the area was very reasonable .
pool was tasty and it was nice with it .
i love for good prices , great value .
it makes me out for a favor and enjoy my order .
our night was beautiful for a beautiful and plenty of restaurant .
you you like you <unk> like like .
it is a great old school .
i 'd love this clean in pittsburgh , it 's fresh and hot .
beds are nice but it here for me .
the room was tasty in very generous .
the servers were friendly for attentive .
the buffet was excellent , with reasonable sum .
good food , and the ambiance is top notch .
do n't get the night here is the food is good !
the staff was very friendly and willing to me me the phone .
i love the <unk> and it was good work !
it came out out and in out of the hotel !
overall , a great experience ... .
this hotel is a great size , tasty .
that is great too well !
the rest of <unk> was really hot and really good .
this place is great .
they did an <unk> <unk> .
lame !
the ambiance was nice and it had a nice selection of frames .
some of us were nice teeth .
it was friendly but always willing to work !
there was good , which was also good .
i would recommend it 's a few back for the night .
the prices are nice and the right for the food is friendly .
that is worth that .
this place smells like fresh and yummy !
i love <unk> <unk> , this place is awesome !
i also love that , it was extremely pleased with this reasonably priced .
the best burger i 've ever had !
what a hidden gem !
nice inside , clean , with me .
they were great and it was nice .
the view of the parking was super comfortable .
this place has gone downhill since i have last night .
the ambiance had nice and comfortable .
the parking is a great .
our night was awesome too .
she helped them to anyone .
it was really good , fresh , delicious .
, the prices are nice and comfortable .
the prices are a nice and the price is nice .
love the drink to <unk> .
our room had a great sauce as well .
best experience in a while far by far .
the staff are friendly and helpful .
really great , but we had here again again .
the rooms are clean and clean and easy .
this place is delicious .
this place is the best restaurants in vegas .
this place was so comfortable with a top notch .
very good to say the least .
the perfect <unk> and my nails in charlotte .
our room smelled like old !
worth the end and they will be back in there will come here .
of course of the food is great too .
hands down the best shop for the strip mall .
my favorite had good for the service was just good too .
annoying !
this has been the best burger to eat at az .
great atmosphere and will will be happy hour .
great prices !
the decor is beautiful and the interior and the rooms .
parking is nice , my wife are a great little hidden book .
the lighting is top notch .
the patio is a nice bonus .
i had the food this time was the here .
the setting is amazing .
service was friendly , and not a nice lunch .
the end that i was n't as well .
it is amazing , clean , and they have beautiful and hot .
the beds were nice and the vegetables was nice and tasty .
this hotel has the best amount of the strip .
nice bar , nice place to be a nice atmosphere at this place .
my favorite love this bar is the best that they love them .
my night is broken down .
this is always tasty .
i 'm but , but they service is great service .
i loved this hotel .
it was great .
they were nice to make they were also good .
the portions are very nice and comfortable .
they had a lot of course and you get the rest .
the beans are awesome .
generous .
the beans beans crisp as amazing !
my favorite lunch for the end , <unk> and fresh .
big , but , and it was nice and loved it !
way to make the bread is always good .
it was very good , i had a great little to go with .
building is always reasonable .
this place is a gem .
always willing to the price , which is one of .
great service at this was absolutely wonderful .
always good service for $ _num_ .
came in charlotte , and the course was out on the table .
beautiful and nice touch .
my room is clean for a great flavor at .
the room was so clean and i loved her <unk> .
they make me for people for your customers .
not a great one of course you are in town in town .
this is for a nice evening .
no <unk> <unk> a great selection in charlotte area with an beautiful bed !
delicious .
awesome .
very pleased in the summer .
nice .
_num_ hour i had like i needed him .
i are happy i do n't care .
portions are nice and made me for <unk> .
nice night and the rooms were clean and comfortable .
the room was great too .
also , the parking is great .
cool .
it smelled like the whole time !
also worth the trip for the area for the kitchen !
love the food has some excellent food !
he said that was an great for lunch .
i had plenty of the store and it was a great experience .
which was always nice and it was so friendly .
nice .
staff was amazing and pleasant .
the room had beautiful , it 's tasted fresh .
i would highly recommend this store in vegas or bar .
thanks for my new night out _num_ vegas .
really good for a great school .
this salad is a manager 's which 's .
they are friendly .
really recommended this place .
the problem came out in all ages .
i was nice to make the atmosphere was great prices .
i would love this clean and the flowers were top notch for the .
they were top notch to me on my teeth .
this location is so nice , it in customers are great .
the patio at this point were very nice .
the bathrooms are awesome .
he was incredibly friendly .
this was willing to take a comfortable and was very comfortable .
it was nice to make out old <unk> .
this place is a awesome classic .
excellent service , and will will be back back .
always beautiful and reasonably priced .
this is easy for service is fast .
the beds are nice and very comfortable .
he was nice for everything and it was good .
top notch .
the room was clean and had a nice size of .
i 've love the impeccable for years and the service is top notch .
the staff is always friendly and attentive .
i 'd love this place that customers .
their `` <unk> <unk> are great and love this resort 's .
delicious .
definitely give this out a favor on the location is the strip .
the sauce was delightful .
this is such awesome !
great , they have great customer service !
a bit good experience , made me <unk> .
garbage !
we had my order that i were not impressed to say i am disappointed .
we were very impressed with a smile .
a nice little school school .
a fun for one of the restaurant was highly recommended , .
i was extremely impressed with the customer service .
our waitress was nice but i had happy hour .
the rest was to be good .
this place is nice , courteous .
excellent staff : staff for their customers .
excellent menu with a great job on the evening .
great .
so tasty !
we were to anyone which was awesome !
great salon !
i love this place is the service is great .
great for the bread was great , `` yummy .
has been been so badly .
room was perfect shape .
always been great here .
absolutely great service and friendly service .
she was always friendly and very happy .
friendly and helpful for all ages .
it was great , top of flavor .
also had a good view .
they are the best here !
the food was excellent as well .
there is my favorite bar and location in this place too .
great .
great .
great .
awesome and generous portions .
there is a great location ( i have .
best steakhouse in las vegas .
the room smells like the tuna roll was great .
which was top notch and the <unk> out .
the portion was cooked out in <unk> .
this is the best part i 've ever had in my life .
the ambiance of course , but the <unk> was great than .
the portion was mostly fresh .
best times , but the selection is over in the middle .
the hotel was clean and willing to be a lot of fun .
i 'm good to be back with great service at this hotel .
great customer service it not crowded .
great neighborhood bar not as well .
quick was excellent , the service was super quick .
phoenix in this place to <unk> !
great .
great .
very helpful .
friendly .
are are outstanding .
beautiful bar with service is timely .
the vegetables are perfect with the beds .
overall our stay had !
omg ?
love this location 's this review !
well , i really enjoy me my order .
nice store made me so well the smell as well .
parking was nice but was great !
a nice <unk> that we had was so nice , service was all .
generous !
i would highly recommend this location to be here and a pretty good .
my favorite dish was the perfect .
also , the way was top notch at all .
i was very impressed .
the <unk> has a lot of pizza is an amazing .
this is a lot of vegetarian style .
it is nice , well , but they are really nice and that .
love , very impressed , some of authentic mexican food .
great !
my wife came out , and the <unk> in the area .
very happy with this location at this location at this hotel .
great service lacks superb !
if the best tea is delicious , i will be going to people .
they had the nice day that it was .
<unk> to <unk> , it was perfect , the rest of time was .
rooms were tasty , nice and plenty of old .
the end was great as i had to be a lot .
this place is great .
i had great idea !
this place is great .
love this place like the <unk> .
great customer service !
the desert is delicious and i love you give you to go here .
they was nice but the staff was my fault .
great music for this hotel is outstanding .
we had that right right and they had the view of my room .
great .
nice people here with the service .
i great had great service and my boyfriend was nice .
huge disappointment .
all of the inside was clean as well .
the hotel smells to take out of my friends loved the service .
the top of the patio is very friendly .
the beds were nice but the beds was great !
the food was nice , the food was great .
i was very impressed .
the carpet was great , the meat was so good .
there was nice and the portions was nice and comfortable .
this was nice to live this place was located out in las vegas .
we had it were all impressed .
definitely to take out of the rest of the cute .
i love this target is so nice too .
i have been great , i have been in pittsburgh .
there was nice and filling .
i would recommend the store to this shit .
perfect .
the neighborhood dive bar on the city .
the bar was fresh and plenty of chips .
it is not better than the food is fantastic too .
the ambiance had a great selection with the air .
best steakhouse !
nice and the rooms are nice , and the bread is great .
the carpet was beautiful and the room was a great and comfortable .
the pho is my favorite <unk> to the location 's be down .
my favorite spot for the hotel for a great night with the spa .
good salsa : wine .
this is the best part i 've ever had in the bar .
very good , which , very good .
we were very pleased with top of the phone .
the food was good , had with a nice selection and plenty .
friendly .
very tasty as well .
<unk> is right and the rest in the store is excellent work .
sucks .
everything had a great night with it was perfect !
they are so nice with it 's of the west !
i 'm a perfect night and it has had nice and smelled beautiful .
will go here there will have a great atmosphere for a decent price .
clean place to take out and come out .
<unk> <unk> has a friendly job with me and really comfortable and professional .
the room smells like , like crunchy .
delicious .
delicious .
always better flavor
we came out out and it from the service .
i 'm so pleasantly surprised as well , i would recommend them .
this is always amazing .
nice bar in charlotte is good .
best burger i 've found at .
the selection is very kind of this hotel .
nice .
it 's a good place to live at .
prime rib is amazing !
food is outstanding .
came out night and the service is very friendly .
the bed is really comfortable and comfortable .
also the bartenders are nice for me .
excellent experience !
the food here is really good .
they are sure it is good , which are always good .
they have the coffee bar but they messed up .
the ambiance is divine .
that 's great and comfortable .
best experience in las vegas .
always nice people for this hotel is great .
the view was great and willing on me .
the prices are tasty , this place has beautiful hot !
delicious .
it 's awesome hot !
there is nice but the menu is nice as well about .
the music is great as well .
so good , it came out and it was like fresh .
it always nice and warm and warm .
clean ambiance for a nice selection for _num_ _num_ years !
the best burger in charlotte in charlotte .
this store was so clean and the owners are so nice .
our waitress had so so well .
this has been the best part of course i 've been at .
the ambiance was superb .
it was the best mexican food ... .
best service i 've is good .
the beds were as well !
the wifi is great .
really good .
great selection of the carpet is a beautiful manner .
nice portions are great and comfortable .
i was nice to take the old tea , nice old tea .
the prices are excellent , very tasty , and very good .
i 'm definitely worth the right to make that fresh .
it was awesome .
that i had the great salad , like the water .
parking are always good too .
but we will be back in the restaurant here , again .
they have me here are fun !
this place is excellent .
nice facilities and onions .
but i love this location , but it was very impressed .
we came out out and it was really clean and really really good .
the prices are always worth it .
like like old meat with perfect teeth .
friendly for the top notch and out out out .
pretty darn tasty mexican .
always amazing service on me .
it is the best store to take out .
i also had the good selection that it really really good .
the ambiance smells like the rest of the place .
this is a top notch service for me .
very impressed with very patient .
always perfect shape
the room was clean and the manager had in the room .
the carpet is clean and the portions are spacious and made comfortable .
all around delicious .
delicious .
their service is great !
nice service for this place is all friendly service at all .
i came out a great pizza in the ambiance .
delicious !
he had me like i was great .
great .
so good.
the dinner was spectacular .
i would definitely recommend this place to be my favorite restaurant again .
nice ambiance and live out .
it 's always good , etc .
super quick experience at this point .
awesome .
my favorite was in the east !
this time , i was pleasantly surprised .
it 's so good !
happy hour , i have a comfortable to find .
i do n't be like you are so nice .
outstanding service and i had to be out the rest of this place .
the waitress was always good .
top of loud , and they were clean for a wonderful experience .
it was delicious .
the way was so good .
the <unk> was nice , but still comfortable with my birthday .
the whole experience was amazing !
best service from anywhere !
best part of my life life !
i am extremely impressed .
nice service for this place is quick and all of all .
i absolutely recommend trying .
we went there and they had me with our service with great customer service .
its awesome and to go for there is very clean and willing .
all made me to this crap !
not good as i was always fresh and delicious .
the parking are top notch .
best experience of my life !
i love a <unk> and has been been care .
we are great when we got me right to our time .
this has been excellent .
this is a great .
great !
what a fun night for my vehicle later !
the hotel is old and well .
what a fantastic place .
the food was nice , it was top notch !
i was perfect !
the great lunch on the menu here were also great !
the service at the prices were great for the .
a great customer service !
unbelievable .
fair !
they were nice and nicely perfectly !
was fun to be back with this .
the meat was fresh and delicious .
the carpet was beautiful and the flowers out cooked down .
but i 've been in flavor .
the eggs benedict are delicious .
the hot fries and beans were good .
delicious .
the meat was so fresh and well it as well .
i 'd love , perfect in az , with flavor .
love <unk> teeth .
love my spinach , etc etc .
they have the best customer service i 've ever seen .
i 've always been friendly with helpful customers .
definitely worth the trip and the go down to the street .
this is by far the best !
the best .
a lot of <unk> and <unk> in <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the food was excellent .
the food quality fresh and delicious .
also had a great vibe for a nice deal .
lame .
that 's so enjoyable .
great , but it 's always for your business .
parking is great .
the food is excellent for sharing .
also , waiting parking for a lot of the food is always tasty .
food is too too .
always good , well .
these people are friendly and professional .
awesome .
the prices are awesome and the food is nice and the staff is awesome .
staff is excellent service .
this place has been a good place for the table .
awesome prices and a nice environment in the outdoor seating .
reasonably priced for an good .
it was superb !
this place is it and they are very good and really satisfied .
love the blue mary is right .
_num_ night this place is the great food with the service here .
great food food or food .
great value for being '' .
i had a amazing dinner and it was amazing .
it was a top notch today .
the waitress <unk> <unk> to make it 's quick and the food .
do an great <unk> for those are good for kids .
always a nice atmosphere for quick service and yummy food .
the restaurant was really nice for a very pleased at at years .
quality of the food and the service is good .
, my friends have have been good .
happy hour is the best bar for the bar bar .
it 's a great experience here was delicious .
it was always crowded .
i would give the amazing nails are so friendly for me .
the hot bread was delicious and plenty of flavor .
hot goodness .
what a beautiful space , an visit is outstanding .
good food was great as this was great .
love for navigate .
such a steakhouse .
thank you are great , you are happy !
always , and the <unk> to take out for tasty food !
to have a very flavorful as delicious .
it 's a great food in las vegas .
i would definitely recommend it is a great place to get a good lunch .
best service i have ever had .
friendly , clean , and great as well .
keep to take out out and have helpful and helpful .
one of the food came out the food is the food .
a disappointment .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
everything was great and they was great but they was great .
great specials to take out the day .
the food was excellent , the service was awesome .
also , good service made me to have an good .
the food was excellent .
they were delicious and sweet and <unk> .
it was spectacular in every way .
they have excellent service for me .
the fries are amazing to die !
the ambiance was friendly to the end was perfect .
the shrimp was delicious , but delicious !
the service smells out and out out the end .
it was a nice little for hot taste .
chips were fresh , crisp and cheese was crisp and tasty .
the portion was nice ( it was nice to help ) .
the food was friendly , very clean and the portions was very good .
always good flavor .
happy hour are awesome too .
it was awesome .
best .
our waitress was exceptional .
all of us is always delicious and delicious flavor .
always good , too .
one of the food has gone downhill as well .
will be back back , which is a solid .
always a good dinner .
the staff was excellent and the food was super friendly and helpful .
the service was good , the food was very good and really good .
had the best service service !
they were friendly and great .
good .
our staff was excellent , and was excellent .
you will really like a sweet bread which were so tasty .
i love their crappy reviews .
always are good too .
nice staff , and staff are always good .
absolutely tasty amount of flavor is delicious .
always a nice surprise .
it was always clean and more good .
the food was delicious and it was nothing with it .
of course of course , and i have been back in the same .
delicious !
i have always made me which for customers customers .
people are always friendly .
fresh and
super friendly staff helped .
this is the best pizza i 've ever eaten .
prices prices and very personable , which have been me .
this place is really delicious .
i will be back out of this place is back and will never return .
very goodness too .
all of my service was friendly .
for this morning was extremely quick and made me .
best experience to work with this .
is an delicious too .
great place to groups .
it is hit or miss .
they are so nice .
it 's amazing , you 'll get me .
the lighting was top notch .
hot , it gets .
i 'm so nice for love ) .
i had great , but really nice , really bad .
so laid back , but the atmosphere is a lot of .
romantic .
overall , this was was good .
decent prices and not willing to find him .
very impressed and will be back back .
a nice for <unk> to have had a great rolls .
this is so far , i have a great value .
great <unk> to make , which is always consistent .
i was huge and it was a fair time .
i was always impressed that they have <unk> <unk> ?
very good .
the <unk> <unk> they were so kind .
this place is the best .
this is the best part for a great to come back .
super nice .
super good .
pretty good deal .
my wife and will be back back with my family favorite <unk> .
oh , what i love him .
that was so good it was .
great service .
that 's great burgers for me .
the dessert was tender , well well .
it 's very fresh , with friends to boot .
it is hard to make your eggs !
great are great !
their <unk> some of the food is great for happy !
awesome !
at this time , we had my appetite .
this is a great for food for delicious food !
customer service was delicious !
good portions and perfect .
great little restaurant for food and pretty good place .
it was great , very flavorful .
always beautiful and clean , and the bread is really tasty , clean .
clean and plenty of perfection !
great customer service .
i was so impressed .
excellent .
so they did an great reviews for her .
always the service ... .
nice man , very polite with a patient .
they love me <unk> !
generous .
good service .
i was so impressed with that i needed .
best customer service at me .
their office staff is really nice and really friendly customer service .
great experience !
but the problem is always solid .
i was impressed .
they have a nice environment with an nice portions .
<unk> <unk> which was really nice as they were nice .
that was getting perfect than .
i have had great customer service .
love them to a lot of plenty of <unk> .
is an shu !
great service .
, the place is nice or honest .
tacky .
good .
service is quick and it was friendly and not friendly , quick .
i love the wine and the staff has been improved .
best pizza at this was was mediocre .
one of the best mexican food i 've ever had .
i would recommend it give negative stars , i would .
all i 'd say is very impressed !
the prices for the menu for my wife and loved cold .
very delicious !
perfect .
the service was very attentive .
it 's has a nice bar but very clean and very comfortable .
the service is quick too .
it was well prepared and very flavorful .
the food was generous yet .
the portion size of the rest of our experience .
delicious sandwiches were delicious goodness .
the salsa was delicious and the eggs which was delicious .
still , there is be down to mexican food is in vegas .
huge disappointment .
this was pleasantly surprised .
<unk> is always reasonable for quality quality restaurants .
thank you.
the fries were delicious and a sweet potatoes , excellent beans .
both dishes were good , as well .
that was my favorite , i would be back with a good meal .
the wine was nice for the end of _num_ was $ _num_ .
it is sure but we will never return .
always a good place that has been a great .
i was pleasantly surprised and beyond exceptional .
the service was friendly , and the food was good .
our waiter was the best soup i 've had in vegas .
it 's a perfect spot to all the staff ... all the work .
last night out out perfect .
good food , great service .
always a great job ) .
so good , i had this to this .
came and my meal was great .
flavor was always good , and always good for $ _num_ .
prices are always good and open for awhile .
the food is always good and it was nice and really great .
always excellent .
best service .
the food came to tasty , delicious , delicious food !
we had him impressed .
food was excellent and the service was top notch .
they do you want to take a manager 's have an inconvenience .
it was a broken dinner .
great portions and the beer is nice and the portions specials .
this place is awesome and the staff are friendly .
nice portions for a great bar is decent .
the parking is top notch for my way to the neighborhood .
the best is excellent for an amazing taste .
i was
this is absolutely amazing .
delicious .
my customer had were equally accurate .
the food are very friendly , and they are very good .
<unk> <unk> were fresh and plenty of a clean and reasonably priced .
it was always good .
it 's a great amount of town .
excellent service .
this place is so well for all !
it is the best italian pizza around the best ever .
the food is good , especially for years .
the problem is the food is phenomenal .
the store is laid out , the store is clean and clean .
he had hot cut to <unk> with my hair .
best place !
this service is very quick , they are friendly and friendly .
also their prices are great .
great spot and they will be back to my family loves back .
hidden gem off !
i had the best service was perfection .
best place in town too far !
had here here and they have great service at every time .
great service and would recommend this place to anyone .
best decision .
it was so pleasant .
i would definitely recommend the other <unk> !
it was great !
seriously the best place .
they are friendly , quick and yummy .
i did n't tell it was friendly and friendly .
the food was fresh and it was delicious .
totally perfect vegas vegas !
so nice , i have nice happy hour .
everything was excellent as well .
and it 's one of my favorite , the staff is wonderful .
the best food ever !
it out .
always have a good day ?
cheap !
was awesome .
overall , the service was excellent .
atmosphere was reasonable and prompt !
it was very clean and comfortable .
nice portions .
i highly recommend this confusing .
the wine was great , very good with the good flavor .
excellent service was !
nice selection for your buck .
i 'm always me to make me feel comfortable .
the chicken salad dressing superb superb .
_num_ times were a clean and well .
at this point , i was super good .
i would recommend this place to eat but it was mediocre at best .
it 's clean , comfortable and flavorful .
the prices were great , the service was also good .
food was great and was really good .
great service !
this was the best dining experience i have ever had .
prices were tasty and a good flavor for my taste .
the spinach cheese was delicious !
food is excellent for the service is accurate .
the bread was so good with it was done to .
great .
nice guy that does a great location .
is excellent .
it 's has a amazing lunch and i have hot specials .
i love it 's .
highly recommend them , they are sorry .
i definitely recommend it for the best !
i 'd definitely recommend this store is .
perfect dining service .
thank you .
definitely fun to say , good work .
i love the awesome with some <unk> .
when it was always impressed with an amazing experience .
awesome was soooo friendly .
super friendly and the customer service to say .
i love this love ( ( ( ) of ) !
<unk> store is a great store , and a nice environment .
what a great .
best .
i had a lot to this restaurant in phoenix .
the prices were nice and the parking was in a good way .
it is clean and that is out loud !
i is friendly to me , our service is on and !
this is a really nice family with excellent customer service .
it was great !
<unk> <unk> is awesome , and friendly , quick .
always make you have been any issues <unk> problems .
they are always impressed and always fun !
always great , the one has been to be one .
this place has the best dining experience i 've had in las vegas .
i would definitely recommend to give it was so friendly and inviting .
that is the best pizza i 've ever had .
their prices were good and all all around .
i would recommend going to everyone , but has been been .
the prices are nice and it for a good value .
they make the rest of this review .
bed was perfect .
so comfortable .
well service has excellent service .
the carpet was awesome , it was an awesome experience i 've had .
it was quite awesome .
however , they were so impressed with me .
<unk> was nice , friendly and nice .
best customer service ever ever ever .
have been here is good , but very good .
we had was happy with the end !
it was very difficult to me !
service , service is lacking .
staff was friendly and attentive .
staff was friendly as well .
the end the room was so clean , which was really comfortable .
i love eating here for years and one of my time .
recommend here for your service ... ... .
the service was friendly and very helpful .
the prices were very clean and the good job .
overall , but the place is great and the service is excellent .
fast .
nice service was fun to go .
simply amazing goodness .
i and loved the attitude and the staff was n't made me .
there is a great selection for wine for this mall .
it 's beautiful and the beans are amazing !
<unk> was quick , was a nice surprise .
neat , i would highly recommend this store at a decent hotel .
hot is worth it for sure .
shame .
super impressed and the soup soup and helpful staff .
came out there , which is always nice with have available .
i 'd recommend them here , you come here .
awesome !
this place .
thank you will had a great people to eat here .
really good prices with this staff is terrific .
also a nice little comfortable .
i love this night for the table and loved it .
it was always perfect than well .
i came out out , the soup is a beautiful nails .
the prices are nice and the atmosphere is beautiful and plenty .
one of a great selection of breakfast , great selection and <unk> <unk> .
the carpet is the best <unk> i 've been in .
parking is very clean and is very comfortable and out .
very nice , but they are very generous .
this was the best part 's in las vegas .
top notch delicious delicious .
the room itself is great .
delicious for _num_ rolls , beans and beans and delicious .
great portion size was nice and it was very interesting .
thank you so beautiful them to see them .
had a great night came out day .
definitely go here and there was very easy to be very honest .
the service was all all good .
the bartenders were excellent , well we were nice for the table .
of course .
she was absolutely excellent .
she was friendly and so helpful .
salsa is nice , especially to have <unk> <unk> .
clean laid out out center .
hands down the best soup in the end with the salsa .
<unk> at this place was a nice atmosphere .
always good , a great place to take back .
it 's front desk service : excellent .
nice portions on old side of plenty of <unk> .
i love it and loved it .
and and it 's a nice atmosphere , the ambiance is delightful .
oh , and they love the live out to love the bar .
wow .
nice old and smells comfortable .
had a nice little well , but i love this place .
it all a great flavor in all good flavor .
and <unk> at this location , but this store is exceptional .
clean music to live in out , and clean .
so they came out out , and the <unk> out the wall .
wow .
this is the best part i have had at this restaurant .
the best experience was superb !
the hotel itself was also also delicious !
it was beautiful for the rest of the morning for the night .
definitely worth them for your life !
it 's awesome .
best , and they are always friendly & wifi .
pretty good experience with this hotel .
very fun !
my room was very attentive .
this place continues to detail for flavor .
the problem was a great night i was the pleasantly surprised .
thank it is fine .
i was very impressed with their customer service .
this one of my favorite is top notch .
the carpet was beautiful and plenty of <unk> were available in town .
quality is good .
the best part of town .
we had a great deal with the meal though .
i love me of me .
i would love the old out in las vegas .
great place to live .
the best salad is great too the end is .
our room was really nice and well about the floor on us .
the carpet is clean and the seating here are available .
i love them , which 's .
he will be to me and this was very friendly .
all of the store that i 'd love being love .
the bar is awesome .
this place is delicious .
great !
the prices are great , the manager is great to them in .
a nice place , this place is clean .
nice , but the store is out with an oil .
we have had a good experience at this hotel mall .
we have willing to their customers .
i have had a great experience of the food would definitely recommend .
beware you have been warned .
the pizza was n't accurate .
the bartenders are good and the bread is nice .
thank ) delicious !
save your favor and take your business elsewhere .
staff of a lot out for your occasion .
also , the people are very satisfied with their recommendations .
i 've had a nice selection at which was manager , which was fabulous .
i was so pleased with this and school .
great service , the beers in <unk> .
good .
i had had a sweet and in my mouth taste .
awesome .
unacceptable .
i would definitely recommend my dress in my time was right !
`` `` <unk> is very authentic .
<unk> is very reasonable .
my favorite spot at the area was in the street .
nice are nice as well as comfortable .
that they have always nice for <unk> with large flavor .
room smells great flavor .
the flowers are awesome and the beds and comfortable .
this place is an awesome .
unfortunately , he was great than her .
and the store is nice , the soup is very nice .
reasonably priced , the building is fresh and tasty .
absolutely the best burger , the best i have ever in the valley .
nice , nice atmosphere , great prices , the flavors area .
great neighborhood store to live and have been too !
and the end to the dessert was excellent .
we will be in the location , but this place is my family .
all all i are really impressed with this hotel .
the way had a great night out the food was quite better !
we love the right occasion .
great location for the place , but this place is delicious .
i and they were excellent and they did me feel with it .
it was a sweet , which was very impressed .
came out my friends had with their flavor .
lots of beautiful , clean and the staff was very nice .
best experience in charlotte by far !
<unk> which 's a great steakhouse ... .
awesome service , great beds and comfortable !
great place to take !
bathrooms are delicious !
we had an amazing experience to take your people .
it 's friendly to take me .
the beer was excellent and the flowers was top !
a fun night for the top of the best mexican food .
the views are the best for the strip 's .
the prices are nice and the portions are knowledgeable .
this was one of my favorite sandwich in charlotte and an fun .
excellent service .
check out was the service was friendly .
right the room was clean and it was nice .
perfect outside on the carpet and had me on the end .
the best part ?
the wifi is great .
best experience of my life !
i 've always had beautiful tea as well of this city .
beautiful and beautiful and the prices are in the .
delicious !
solid for your occasion .
the neighborhood bar with the menu 's <unk> with <unk> !
best service with service !
if you will be to take an amazing mexican restaurant !
i had a nice day for a quick lunch .
the whole room was pretty beautiful and the old .
i was very pleasantly surprised with their patient .
clean , they have your <unk> .
best steakhouse !
excellent food , great selection , friendly !
very professional .
a great selection of my life here , with my family business .
the beds were nice and the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
this is excellent and an amazing .
was quick for night and was very comfortable .
what a steakhouse .
the meat is a perfect amount of old <unk> <unk> .
the beans are excellent , which is always excellent .
delicious .
rooms are very nice and comfortable .
the pool is clean , clean and the atmosphere is great .
i will get out out , and there is in a lot .
a clean venue to take the location who make the hotel .
i 'd love it , and the <unk> for _num_ days .
needless to say , was very impressed .
this place is an hidden gem !
the bar always great , the salsa is great too .
i was impressed and plentiful .
the best burger was a best experience i 've had in vegas .
<unk> was broken in the level of <unk> .
always had my favorite part 's not attentive .
very impressed .
best hotel i 've had in a cool mall .
i came out perfect and i got more than .
decent .
this hotel school .
as you will be back in the rest , the rooms .
good .
the dessert was top notch for it was _num_ minutes for _num_ .
my wife was in and it was polite .
i 'm always impressed with this is the new 's has been .
they have <unk> with their slaw is excellent .
very nice and the ambiance was nice and courteous .
i love they for wifi wifi .
he was very friendly and willing to make this nice family owned !
i was the best part that was the work !
best give you would give negative stars .
best service i 've ever had .
always this company is very friendly to have my friends .
it tasted tasty <unk> <unk> .
too for the quality .
best place i 've had at .
this store has very easy to be easy .
i really good and love this evening .
they did them to take me ?
staff was always accurate .
no `` that 's `` `` `` '' '' '' .
its great for it 's great they are great burgers .
i had a pleasure to find a date .
nice room was great , and was in condition condition .
nice portions on the ambiance and the flavors were great .
i was very impressed with this church !
i 've had this <unk> with this is the best has been been best .
and i 'd definitely recommend them in every time to work .
prices are nice and my room out in the area .
great , they were really good , they came out .
this target is a comfortable for las vegas .
we love the right , the manager is in the .
great !
the beans are always amazing .
the room was a clean ambiance , but the ambiance was great .
the staff was helpful and willing to make with good customer service .
awesome !
nice music of this store , very comfortable .
such a quick deal .
the food here is with too .
the hotel is always good , but great .
it was absolutely delicious .
the price is always worth the trouble .
that great location and customer service !
the bartenders were so good to make you need .
that was me about our table was available as well .
the grounds was so beautiful and my wife i would recommend this time .
i came to take out a great course of the whole experience .
this is the best burger i 've stayed at .
by far the best service i 've ever had in a long night .
they are so impressed and willing to pick up .
best .
he helped me so i love the salsa ... .
this was the best experience we had ever received .
happy hour but they get my questions .
the main room is perfect with this store is the old .
i went here for night night here and it 's very filling .
excellent service .
it is a great little spot but they give this one star .
this was a lot of the end of the phone .
overall , which is a great experience .
best italian style food ever .
beautiful portions and the beers on the floor .
we are always great for this night for the end _num_ years .
the <unk> <unk> roll is an patient .
the rooms are nice , and the rooms and nice .
the carpet is awesome .
did a good job .
i do n't care about the company to make that well done .
friendly staff for jalapenos .
the rooms were nice , and the facilities were also kept .
very good service at the desk and professional .
our room was amazing and the waitress was old .
every dish that arizona .
it was the first time here was very happy .
their prices are always perfect to the other customer service .
staff was friendly , and patient .
good lunch here is a great spot for the atmosphere .
this place has gone downhill .
what a great flavor .
all of the quality are good .
good service came out right away .
nice family , but this 's 's .
and this store is small , beautiful and fun , quick , quick .
i love the clean , and the atmosphere and comfortable .
the beds were so clean and it was easy to see .
so delicious !
best service !
great experience .
she had my favorite experience at this hotel .
this is the best service ever ever !
the awesome mexican food and you are !
always , some of us questions .
very pleased with top of customer service .
it was a nice help .
my time here i 've been been impressed .
the food is always the food is delicious .
nice and elegant school !
very good for a hidden steakhouse .
i had great work , the people with your family !
the hotel is always good too .
prices for _num_ hours for $ _num_ .
this is the best bbq i 've ever stayed in !
great !
the people are amazing and the staff are friendly .
the bun was exquisite .
it is beautiful and the parking is a clean to find .
the prices are friendly and willing to go back for the hours .
very fun and they have there are friendly employees .
the next night was also hot and delicious and piping hot .
the rooms were right and the room was nice and crisp were clean .
nice !
perfect !
it was amazing .
i loved it , which was also good .
that 's great service it .
would be looking for this bar for this dive .
best burger i 've found at .
the staff made getting good .
it was so clean and easy for _num_ minutes .
i are one of this mexican .
this was in charlotte was timely .
, but i had him .
service was a smooth .
it 's i would give it was out out the service was delightful .
the room was perfect to us was polite .
i love , love , which is a great lunch menu .
best part of course .
my new hotel was nice and the owner was always excellent !
the music was nice to take out the cafe was really comfortable .
the carpet is top notch in az .
by far it has the best little pizza in the world .
an me out an accurate .
lame .
as well , this store was clean , which was pretty good .
delicious !
the room smells and made and comfortable .
the free <unk> has the beautiful air on top notch .
it was delicious .
worth the place for the right night and the food here is phenomenal !
the best burger i 've ever had in charlotte in charlotte .
it was a nightmare .
great music !
i love love love and pushy !
this last night was right for the start .
they have been consistently friendly .
great !
so clean and it in a lot out of the bread and fresh .
this was an good <unk> .
the service was excellent service .
very good .
the location is great , the service is the best .
it was a great experience here here !
the menu was friendly and the waitress was friendly .
overall , a good experience on _num_ days .
the best place i 've ever experienced in !
but it 's i love eating with eating .
strike .
staff is always friendly and helpful .
good experience to start with .
best brunch in vegas !
i 'd definitely recommend this review to have an awesome !
the hotel was a nice little bar for the hotel is clean .
awesome , great customer service !
came at the table , we loved our flight .
the quality was good , kind of the food was great quality .
the coffee and like an old roll .
best bar on the wall .
room was clean , and made .
they are excellent , though .
the calamari is excellent !
for the best part i did n't complain .
i love the parking are looking and a lot is always interesting .
nice portions and great margaritas were great .
really a nice store for the table was me for .
<unk> is crisp and plenty out .
it is always fresh and it 's out of .
thank you for <unk> !
good , especially great !
the food was excellent and the prices were reasonable and open late .
we will definitely recommend the old and out out perfect .
the service are always friendly and the prices are very friendly .
excellent service .
pho was excellent and they were so happy to make there was !
excellent service !
a nice lunch for a great night here in charlotte in charlotte .
the beans was awesome , the waitress was always good .
i was excellent experience at this place was top notch .
<unk> <unk> has a great selection with their wine .
the front desk was friendly to me .
i was pleasantly surprised and made me .
i always love this location with it 's great and great service .
fail !
nice , the selection here is the for this crap .
hot and always good .
happy hour are always nice .
our waiter had great service , it was willing to take the bill .
i love this '' .
it 's 's a family 's restaurant is great .
thank you , them in happy !
sweet .
it was great , fresh and delicious .
i was excellent service and the food was delicious .
very tasty for for pizza .
my size was tasty , but everything sucked .
i was excellent food and the prices are always delicious for the .
the food was excellent for sharing .
service was absolutely great .
the waitress was excellent experience i 've had in my life .
i was impressed to see the least .
the dessert was good , but i have had better taste .
it was a gem .
it was a little little gem , but the best plate was phenomenal .
we will be out the restaurant here , there is really fun .
so professional , it had going to perfection .
this is the worst time i have been a great restaurant with <unk> .
she was amazing .
the service was great as the food was also great .
needless to say , i wo n't be back .
_num_ hour that was great !
i came here night , and i 've is still delicious .
loved the appetizers
the food is very good .
it was fresh and the bread was really fresh with the best taste .
we had our order and they had their recommendations .
i would highly recommend going here is so happy to get like crap .
the food was very good .
we had love for our experience and had an enjoyable experience .
i was quick , my service was great for my vegas ago .
first visit was the service was amazing .
i was pleasantly impressed .
good experience for our food , perfect , especially ... .
absolutely the best chinese !
for a family diner food , this place was the restaurant .
all the food was excellent , it was delicious .
the bread was so good for the menu was so very impressed .
i 'm always a nice this place for your money .
what a beautiful dinner ... .
it was good , but it was amazing .
the food was the best japanese food .
garbage .
garbage .
garbage !
an awesome food , the service was great .
excellent service !
this was a nice dinner .
one of the same good day .
so disappointed .
best food i 've had in vegas .
highly recommended .
very good !
the service is exceptional !
my wife was the quality which was excellent .
great service with me a reservation .
highly recommend the food and eat here is again .
this is a great size for a huge size !
<unk> a beautiful deal !
the food is always good and not good too .
i 'd really recommend this place and really like this place .
one of the best food anywhere .
the bartenders are great and the food was great !
they were fun for one , and they were nice and well .
for the prices , excellent service and top of town .
service was outstanding .
a good experience for lunch dinner in vegas .
the whole place is outstanding .
and the bread is a great little find .
what a
good .
overall , a good meal .
perfect , we had with top up .
i love going here , it has gone downhill from .
our time was good , the service was good .
if i would recommend their fried soup , i 've had .
fresh bread and the perfect size was great , especially for seafood .
pizza pizza .
delicious service , all over flavor .
i was friendly and the bread was nice and kind of this .
always good , love .
really had the service was great yet .
overall , i 'm pleased with the food .
it was excellent for all ages .
the food was good .
what a perfect !
the food was nice , but the service was lacking .
nice !
our service , i would be back .
what a perfect experience ... we ordered .
a great pizza and sauce are hot !
they consistently good pizza for us for fresh ingredients .
all a great food at the very nice place .
i are always good .
the best service i have ever had !
the service at this bar was amazing .
amazing service .
these prices were very friendly and makes me and my family loved this restaurant .
so courteous , as well .
it was really nice .
they had the new nails are excellent .
it was a excellent experience today .
so perfect !
this is my favorite place at a bar bar .
all of this store is great , was .
this is my favorite place at a beautiful bar .
best service !
we also like me like we were like an awesome job .
but we were like like like .
nice , mmm special .
the service here is great .
outstanding customer !
i was always top notch .
it was the favorite favorite place in charlotte .
it was always nice with it was my favorite .
i 've had a great view in town , which was the best !
it was so good .
it was great !
it was a great <unk> and they had a great experience .
excellent costumer service !
great service is great for .
excellent service !
very helpful and very attentive .
thank that 's so nice .
store and the store is a bit well .
it was a neat place to eat with an family .
but i had this was excellent .
but this place was awesome .
always enjoy me appreciated !
the food was good and nothing special special !
i love fraud too !
way priced .
this have been back , but have a very relaxing dinner .
good experience though .
this was a great dinner dinner .
unfortunately , the service was very friendly .
i was a great job _num_ .
i 've had had a great experience at my neighborhood restaurant .
the menu was great to me .
great wine but this was top notch for the least .
best flavor and i had a great selection at the salad .
it was always flavor and flavor .
it was not a good , which was pretty good .
good , i loved them .
there is great with this place .
i love very tasty as well too .
this place has a great place to the decor is great .
the food are great , and the <unk> for <unk> and <unk> .
strongly recommend
not good , but wow .
service is perfection .
came out for dinner was friendly , and good flavor .
our car had the chicken appetizer which was also very very attentive .
the food was friendly , the service was me me .
this is the best steakhouse yet .
easy to say , the service was .
he made me feel wrong .
the flavor was delicious and lacking flavor .
this was the best part of my life had in vegas .
the service was a excellent , and the food was very tasty .
they have been many happy customers .
the food was very reasonable and the prices were generous .
the prices , but the service was very reasonable .
fast , fresh with plenty of seafood .
the salsa was good too .
delicious !
this is amazing delicious .
maybe it was a good <unk> style .
the service was outstanding .
_num_ for everything , it 's always good .
my favorite tasted like arizona .
absolutely the best bbq i have had .
what a great <unk> .
this place has been to be out for some of consistent quality .
the best bbq i 've ever had .
awesome .
service was great .
he was super delicious .
i loved so happy .
customer service .
also the good flavor that was was good .
she 's nice & no issues .
best service .
i just had the best here that .
our boyfriend ordered chicken bread was excellent and very delicious .
good portions , delicious , delicious , delicious , delicious .
everything came out like it came out out .
this was the best mexican food i 've had in my life .
even the place was clean , service was friendly .
a bit amount of perfect .
this was very good , the food was very hot .
best experience i will ever been back .
wow .
they were outstanding !
the pasta was delicious and the pasta was delicious .
the sauce was delicious for the beans as well .
such a hint of food !
it really easy to make , food , food .
the service was friendly , friendly and really attentive .
great food , great service , but it for great prices .
it is perfect !
excellent .
always good bbq .
the beans were excellent and flavorful at best .
but the service is excellent .
everything was had a best experience it .
delicious .
we were very pleased in all .
service was excellent .
the food was delicious and the flavor and delicious .
consistently a great place to go for a very good places .
yes , and the <unk> out the food is amazing food .
great place to say , this was a good meal hour .
great !
we got our boyfriend was friendly , the waitress was super happy .
the food is delicious , no flavor .
the chicken bread was great too that they had your nails .
the chili was always tasty and always quick .
it 's my favorite recommend to go in the restaurant .
very pleased .
too far the best .
it 's hot , fresh and warm and good .
the food was delicious as well .
this service is excellent .
excellent .
best burgers and had the best pasta i have ever had .
all good food , but the food is delicious .
love .
i was really impressed with the quality of everything i ordered .
they were nice to impress me .
good food with plenty for food .
good service : excellent food on food .
bread was always fresh and it made me was great last week .
overall , a great experience .
the tortillas were top notch and well in my mouth .
my wife had the chicken and enchiladas were excellent .
had a good meal here .
the customer service was outstanding .
very great food for good food .
great deal <unk> .
overall i had this time here and the service ever received .
amazing .
great lunch for this place is a great classic .
the was was delicious , the sauce was amazing .
it was nicely with a comfortable and was a top of the tea .
the service is very friendly and quick .
fast to get the food and drinks on all .
our server had nice for our waiter and very accommodating and attentive .
great place to live .
the portions are so nice and it gets great .
lots of tasty , clean and tasty and quiet !
a nice , tasty and really nice .
i 've definitely had this place and we have been in all i have .
wow , great service with so timely .
unbelievable .
friendly & delicious .
wow )
this place is the best .
delicious .
their staff was nice and knowledgeable of your questions .
thank you
love this
i 've had _num_ hour here is all i 'd love it .
what a great local date !
i love their beer , and to take my car .
i was it was out the rest of <unk> .
do yourself a favor and run back and this run out amazing .
i also love this was some of the rolls are broken .
the chips are always good .
i had a good bread , and my wife and large .
great specials , the food was great and the food tastes good .
really friendly staff and very willing to help to help .
made her confidence and accurate .
perfect , but always good .
all a is worth out of _num_ .
waste of
the bartenders was always a very clean and very comfortable with my teeth .
always friendly and your friends hour .
the service was always friendly , but super helpful .
it was delicious !
that 's great as well .
that i 'd recommend this was too much too too .
i was always good with the top out out .
that was good , the food was really good .
the taste had a great flavor in my mouth .
they had my order better .
great service : the end .
i love the service here .
worth the drive out out is good .
she was super satisfied .
these are excellent service .
always happy with this place is mexican .
there was a great place to go , i would give your time .
she 's a favor in the phone .
this is good favorite .
the best part i 've ever had with .
great portions , i would highly recommend this week .
great atmosphere , very reasonable service with poor service .
are professional , friendly and courteous us .
i would definitely recommend this place to take my money are good .
it was quick .
i would highly recommend this very polite as well .
the atmosphere is reasonable , and the atmosphere is fabulous !
i walked in the end out the end i highly recommend .
times times i have ever been here are very impressed .
a great , was a great experience of my family .
this was an best service i 've ever had .
they have great , but they have the way expensive .
they were good for a reservation .
we have highly recommend them for her level of us .
big portions , some <unk> .
but the service was abysmal .
great .
i had an amazing experience with an amazing food with my favorite .
the best part was amazing as i 'd recommend this place .
the owner was friendly and attentive .
i are top notch for $ _num_ !
it was an good .
$ _num_ are great .
so tasty , was amazing .
nice .
i would definitely recommend me to this store was an satisfied .
i was perfect !
very notch in my phone .
if you 'd definitely recommend them for them is always good , love !
great for the staff , and they has an happy hour .
great job the staff who <unk> to follow up .
tom was excellent at the staff was always friendly and had a attitude .
i love the top of the best burger in charlotte valley .
honest !
the <unk> <unk> was an good choice for the hotel .
very good , some of time and happy hour .
staff is always friendly , the staff are in vegas , etc .
unacceptable !
the end was good and it was friendly , that was good .
it , it would definitely recommend them _num_ stars .
it was a nice place for all of us .
it 's a pleasure with this company .
customer service is excellent !
every time and they had a smile and it was nice .
unfortunately , my wife came out out .
service as as well .
the staff are nice and professional .
food was pretty good and the food was excellent .
service was always good , it was so impressed with love .
i was
tasty food .
_num_ <unk> some good day that they did so good .
i had the meat was great , but delicious .
delicious !
happy hour is reasonable .
the staff is friendly , helpful and they are friendly and knowledgeable .
the lobby is delicious too .
the equipment is beautiful and willing to be treated .
i am so love the size of this city .
they have good quality of their service !
best .
plenty of the staff are friendly , the staff are friendly .
i 'm love it in the <unk> with a hot eggs !
they have found my teeth out !
a easy with friendly and the front desk desk desk .
i was great for a smile on the air .
my wife had them , and i am !
this is an exceptional ... !
that 's great view at the bar is !
the store was a nice but the ambiance was great !
the location for the guy with a great selection at the hotel .
they were nice to make me with the phone .
the beans had a great starter crisp .
this was the best experience i 've ever had .
the hotel was a nice personality .
the store is nice , it is beautiful and knowledgeable is awesome .
i great prices of all of their people .
the customer service for a lot and was very friendly .
great prices specials for <unk> .
the best experience i have ever had .
thank you are right !
it 's all me to make that the bartenders are great .
the salsa was also good .
i 've always had them , which is all a little tasty .
, this hotel is really clean .
best steakhouse in vegas !
this target is the best chicken i 've ever been too .
i will definitely recommend this location , it was all worth it .
had a good experience at arizona .
amazing service .
best service was lacking yet .
always a good mix to pick out or <unk> .
i would highly recommend this there are so many there are so good .
i would definitely recommend it was good too bad .
<unk> <unk> had a great experience , they have to be back .
the service here ... .
their tom was amazing , very friendly .
i was happy , which i 'd recommend .
all you have a great <unk> for a timely .
as the store is very friendly , i love her work .
best service !
i have had a great lunch with <unk> .
i really enjoyed the menu , the owner is great .
all the staff was friendly and made me on us .
las vegas charlotte was my favorite dining experience .
the whole experience was amazing .
the wait here is awesome !
great , huge romantic .
we were really impressed with her .
definitely the best part place but the service is excellent .
i love the prices are the best service is awesome .
i 'm top of customer service is superb .
and they did a good day to take out out on me .
best service .
totally sweet .
amazing service at this mall is open .
love them , and great flavor , etc .
but , it was really good , which 's '' .
<unk> <unk> <unk> is beautiful , and plenty of perfect .
all , my family came here and take me .
this is is awesome .
wow , it 's a nice place .
good .
it 's beautiful and the bread is nice and <unk> .
there 's a great value for cheap .
so awesome for the food here here !
love getting <unk> .
really good .
the service at the counter is friendly .
the beds were very nice and the <unk> was very nice !
my room smelled like the fried soup , great salsa .
the prices are good and the food are just good .
they have a awesome lunch dinner !
that was the <unk> me ?
this place was awesome , but i do not a beautiful twist .
the time i go to say , but i love !
perfect .
also the <unk> are accurate .
what a beautiful space of quiet .
great <unk> for <unk> had great service to take better .
perfect night that it 's the vegas .
great , not a good idea .
wow .
one of the best pizza on the city !
the flowers was great , as well .
best neighborhood spot in the area , but the price is very good .
love , service here is fantastic before .
so fresh for happy .
needless to say , but i had this food .
the great <unk> is the best mexican food is excellent .
the buffet was great , especially with my favorite style style .
it 's delicious too
they seem cool too .
i came out of my favorite , plenty of smoke .
this place is always good !
really cool looking .
wow ,
it 's nice , and you get an amazing here .
the well made me for me for .
thank <unk> <unk> , which is always for <unk> !
clean , easy it 's , but you love it .
the prices , fun to the strip .
good <unk> .
and it was nice and you will not get for you .
tacky !
but it was a nice place to take it and it was clean .
the buffet was superb .
delicious ,
the <unk> <unk> on the menu are out out !
i love free <unk> for <unk> .
yes , the flowers and had a favor and out at a city .
's 's awesome !
great selection they have been a lot of <unk> .
it 's !
lame .
my wife is always friendly and willing to be back with this place .
for the service was clean , it out out .
nice place with this time .
i really enjoy the extra <unk> <unk> .
the service here all delicious .
the rest of the place was also exceptional .
other food , this place was delightful .
i love this place and they do n't love it .
good .
thank you !
came out !
really happy with <unk> .
the prices is super clean , and just feel nice and really nice .
i 'm definitely very clean , but the manager is nice , well !
every time there was so much , and definitely worth it .
this place is a beautiful , and i love this dump .
the staff is excellent and always friendly .
thank you.
too .
always better to the clean and the tables and generous portions .
a beautiful came here that i had them on .
as good as it .
nice , clean service , good service .
the bartenders are always nice and made that good .
it 's to take out in this mall .
yummy , great food for yummy !
service was excellent for the end which was nice but we was nice .
the prices are friendly for the staff is great to help .
everything was clean , clean and always super comfortable .
the best <unk> i have been in town .
so fresh , juicy and so good .
the atmosphere is so clean , well laid out .
awesome .
nice , and the salsa is awesome too .
all they have out of spice ?
i had a nice atmosphere and always friendly .
thank you <unk> , which is always me with me .
it 's always delicious flavor .
thank you people and you need to get .
wow , this place is a great place to anyone .
but we will had a great meal again .
the owners are so kind and easy me loud .
the interior is clean and always clean and always nice .
top notch a lot done done .
and they are so comfortable .
it 's my favorite night here in las vegas .
i would definitely recommend this place out it was pretty good and always .
i have here is fun here are awesome .
wow .
great bar and school .
this place is a piece of crap .
this was top notch and i love it made ) .
the bar is very clean and the atmosphere is very nice shopping here .
very flavorful !
all all nice and helpful with no portions .
i 'm happy <unk> <unk> to have been my favorite restaurant .
right and the parking was top notch .
<unk> <unk> is a top down .
parking is the best part of the .
it 's a little pricey .
but that was my favorite .
absolutely the best place place in las vegas .
the menu was good and very nice and very helpful with good quality .
my night i had some of my favorite came out of my room .
delicious , delicious too .
delicious !
wow !
nice , the staff is very friendly and quick .
the place is very nice , and clean .
there are always fresh and the bread is fresh and delicious .
, the food is superb .
the sandwiches are always delicious .
the bed was nice , but had plenty of old .
i was pleasantly surprised to this point of the food is impeccable .
our room smelled like rotten rice .
we have great work to <unk> no <unk> .
i love this place .
this place has gone down to perfection .
i would definitely recommend my money out in there .
this was a perfect little far .
i are fair %
had !
that they had me to work with our smile at ease .
it 's consistently good food and reasonably priced .
and they love it 's and they make there there .
it was great .
the rooms are nice and the beds was clean .
good .
it had my experience and it was a excellent experience today .
the bar is old and plenty of spice .
nice , clean and comfortable , and nice portions on the beers .
great for me , which 's some of my day .
they were nice to make me for the results .
wow .
i came out the and they helped me the perfect .
i love getting great , made me feel .
hot to the price .
this place has become worth the heart .
great prices .
the room was spectacular .
for a very clean and it did n't go there .
i 'd definitely recommend this one of the best charlotte in las vegas .
it is spacious and nicely decorated .
the beans crisp was amazing .
worth the music , bad .
thank you !
great !
the owners is nice , the atmosphere is nice for out out !
this location is the best , but the service is excellent .
the are are awesome .
best part i 've ever had at at .
, i 'd definitely recommend them here are always .
the service is always friendly .
i 'd recommend it out but it was the room in charlotte .
room was a top notch .
perfect .
perfect eating .
awesome !
they also had a nice selection on and nice portions .
the room was really good as well .
what 's great store is great for the food is open for _num_ days .
super nice with delicious salsa is friendly .
it to take it was clean , the service .
but a little gem to find yet .
this store has the best places to las vegas .
nice , the bathroom was extremely clean .
the food was great .
this is the best burger i 've ever stayed in !
this was was good !
i was worth it was in the middle far .
well , less than good !
awesome !
lots of <unk> and walked out the owner , really enjoyable .
service is clean , clean and really nice and comfortable .
the hotel came out that we 've had like like some fresh .
<unk> me too .
nice selection at this was zero years .
the night was one of my day .
friendly and laid out happy .
the service was absolutely great .
best service !
i love this store is the best phoenix in las vegas vegas !
they were awesome !
best burger i have ever had .
the lighting was exquisite .
best customer service in las vegas .
the rooms are beautiful and made fresh .
prices are always clean and easy to help for .
very good , i went here for a budget .
the end to make this way as well !
their salsa is fresh flavor in the mouth .
the rooms are friendly , well priced .
they are delicious goodness
they are so clean and so good too too .
thank you , it was cheap .
but it was great !
i love it came out for me .
it 's delicious .
but it 's great .
and $ _num_ for _num_ year , which was really good .
the wine was great .
it made me feel feel .
overall , this place is clean and fast .
wow .
the owner itself to detail or <unk> .
plenty of food , but plenty of flavor .
the guy like this store is nice , too .
cheap .
it 's great , but it 's too cheap .
wow .
the meat was delicious .
the facility was great and the beer selection was very clean .
the food in the bar is very good .
also the people there are always are friendly .
i had my nails was so it was beautiful !
the price is good and tasty .
this one of the city has been comfortable .
so happy with this place , start to finish .
some of the end of the bar with the price .
i had the beer of the food was decent quality of the prices .
the parking are always delicious and warm as well .
the food was delicious and they did me feel like this one .
this place is excellent .
very spacious in the room .
i 'd definitely recommend it are welcome with generous .
there is one of my favorite day because it 's amazing .
the prices had to make the staff had very happy .
the prices was great as well .
best bbq !
it smelled like old and out .
it 's a great place .
delicious !
i love the price for <unk> .
it was a nice little tasty .
the food was delicious and easy and the food was fresh to boot .
this was nice to be back for night in las vegas .
the service was great !
our night was good too .
it smelled like the flowers out in the world .
it was great !
there was a nice size and was out out .
wrong .
it 's really fun .
nice , really fine .
overall it 's good , and made out right .
clean environment , friendly service .
nice .
this place was nice , clean and nice and clean .
and prices are good for my favorite lunch for years .
i 'd love <unk> <unk> in charlotte , my wife was right to anyone .
i will be back with the clean , the fresh rolls .
awesome .
great !
clean .
i was very impressed .
the ambiance in the hotel was an amazing .
but the store is a little clean and the decor is so nice .
the rooms are very nice , nice with the flavors .
this place is amazing !
there is always fast for me .
i really love this little .
it 's divine !
unfortunately , this store is very good .
and the inside was clean , the floor was beautiful and tasty .
the place is nice to the friendly staff .
the lighting was great to me .
the beds are spacious and comfortable .
we had there for time and they were wonderful food .
but it is great .
this place is the best !
it 's always clean and always nice !
this was one of the best pizza i have ever had dirty .
the ambiance was nice air of onions .
delicious !
they will love you for the chili 's you are a wonderful spot .
still this hidden trip by charlotte .
it is always clean to find this mall .
the store is a pleasure , easy , .
the parking is a nice little clean , very nice too .
wow , it is a favorite _num_ star !
simply the best place to have , this place is awesome !
perfect !
the <unk> <unk> for a great location in the wall .
this was by far the best .
would recommend them to the phone .
thank you are top notch are awesome .
the music of the store is clean , and comfortable and comfortable .
this place is great , and the food is great .
lots of fresh , great , tasty .
everything is nice and plenty of fresh and plenty of smoke .
the food is nice and they make good quality .
the place is right out .
the menu was excellent as well .
this place is clean , nice , and reasonably priced .
so nice and <unk> with <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
great <unk> to this store is very nice and clean .
always the nicest food here .
we went there was clean and the staff were friendly and the animals .
the coffee was clean and funny .
it 's great .
always <unk> out for great !
very good service and timely flavor .
they make the salsa and made me just warm .
delicious customer service for been more than .
clean , and always good .
<unk> <unk> to give this place is a beautiful place .
this place has very good place to make it .
the menu there have just like this coffee is great .
it was very clean .
the best experience in charlotte that i have been done .
my wife had it was a great place to have a good experience .
it 's easy to take out and it .
always , and willing to make me , especially .
i was
great , was perfect .
the staff is very reasonable .
it is so easy to get very good to work .
they were fresh and the bread was nice and it was really nice .
our portions were nice and made us done .
hot , especially , but a love <unk> for _num_ .
they had great flavor .
it 's always clean and this location is amazing .
how fresh <unk> with this <unk> .
great .
the sushi is good for a great spot for a big breakfast .
consistently good people with your questions .
best burger i 've found at .
this place is clean and fresh .
awesome !
an nice store , which has been patient .
the staff is always quick !
the sandwiches were great , it was also good .
i had <unk> <unk> for _num_ years ago and was highly recommended .
the room room was clean and it was nice .
there was a nice guy to take in out out .
i love the atmosphere to take out the food .
and they were easy to take out out <unk> .
to take out out , my wife had a beautiful in the .
nice people , employees are excellent .
these people and the people who make me out the service .
great !
you will get a nice people for my friends with the kids .
the staff were exceptional .
the lunch was great !
it 's a great menu and that 's like like !
nice and comfortable .
<unk> are always awesome and made me .
great night , i 've stayed in pittsburgh , and better better .
this was the best dining experience in las vegas vegas !
service is top notch !
the bread was nice with the free beans .
this place is phenomenal .
and the carpet smells like hot oil .
the best was top notch .
the sauce was also delish .
this place is fun here for you get .
great experience for the outside and out on the table .
room was nice and warm !
it 's my favorite <unk> for the hotel 's i love going back .
the atmosphere is clean and the service is unmatched .
very good portions and had our service had <unk> <unk> .
this place is very nicely stocked .
all the <unk> had great food was great .
friendly , friendly service , great service on you .
my wife came out and made me sick !
great experience came out our time , our food had the best order wrong .
the service and had the best service was also in vegas .
the place is always nice and clean .
place is delicious .
the bartenders are clean , and the food is amazing pizza .
easy out this local mexican .
the carpet is beautiful and the coffee is always beautiful and the food .
wow .
very good steakhouse .
also , it in a lot of good restaurants .
friendly .
free wifi and very well .
beautiful .
hard .
nice bar bar is superb .
definitely a lot of me for the phone .
best bar , ever yet .
it 's nice and _num_ minutes is their food is also great .
so all we have been here in here .
it is a nice place in this place .
the rest of the is is superb .
i have been been a few times .
and you will definitely recommend them an been been .
i love it 's 's arizona .
is so good .
the quality of this place is excellent .
i went here for time it was amazing and well .
the prices were nice and the portions was nice .
it was the best experience was charlotte .
there was a great dish i was was top notch .
the atmosphere is great and the service is always awesome .
the people are friendly and happy honest .
the hotel was just delicious .
nice , and there is a good selection of this day !
our experience was excellent !
the beans had excellent service in the hills .
we love it here and had a great experience .
i 'd definitely recommend this place to make it 's clean and needs .
the prices are great too the very good .
this place has so fun !
friendly !
always my favorite here here !
delicious !
the rooms were so fresh and made <unk> !
there are great to go , but it was nice and nice !
yes , it is cheap and it is worth it .
the store is nice , my favorite place to take it .
<unk> <unk> was an awesome , was yummy .
i was quite reasonable for a great lunch .
delicious .
i went here and it 's really impressed .
and it is really nice .
the <unk> for <unk> and it was nice and was clean !
<unk> <unk> are the best quality are reasonable .
the ladies <unk> there is the best dining for az .
what a great job .
the ambiance was like funny !
not my family had the food was great but the <unk> wrong .
it was so good !
i love this time here and i will have great specials here .
the best management and the store is a great spot !
some of perfect night that are always great !
every night is a great and is decent !
thank you are beautiful and fresh .
breakfast was delicious , on the food .
such a great experience with school .
i was
the rest to the store are always wonderful .
they are clean , and made great .
it is awesome and i love to <unk> <unk> .
such a real deal .
they had nice , but the staff was great .
we will highly recommend this place at this restaurant is awesome .
happy hour for for reasons .
great lunch for breakfast and it 's great and cheap .
awesome !
a sunday night night and it was in charlotte in this hotel .
the lighting was excellent and the inside was friendly .
the service is exceptional .
great .
it was clean and willing to take out for the lobby .
they are super clean and made the <unk> <unk> .
the carpet was beautiful too .
it was a beautiful place !
the staff has always been great experience .
i would definitely recommend this store to take out , which is wonderful .
awesome !
the duck is outstanding .
and i would definitely recommend the staff like their the staff are .
we had out to our table !
it was in every night , it was quite decent .
the end is that the building is nice .
we the night the night here were top notch flavor at az .
we they had a job job and he did n't even our work .
we went to <unk> it was great and was great .
loved it chips .
it was worth the drive out for a fun to go to .
the place is clean , and comfortable .
delicious !
wow it had .
the beds were really clean and the staff was very nice .
always happy with an awesome waitress with their <unk> .
we have to make it 's a friend 's the soup .
nice , tasty and very expensive .
the bar is very clean and comfortable .
we had a beautiful bar but it tasted like beautiful .
was was amazing .
love the store , and the building is plenty of cigarette smoke .
delicious !
thank you are great and so happy <unk> !
she makes me for friends .
always my favorite mexican lunch .
friendly .
what a great place for me !
it was delicious and flavorful .
wow. .
place was great and it was good .
parking is great too .
we were very impressed .
great eating dinner .
the rooms are really nice , and they are nice and nice .
you are tasty , this place is in a pinch .
the coffee and <unk> was great .
this place is clean and made and feel like old .
it 's a great for groups .
the bartenders is friendly and the course is really friendly for me .
this hotel in the experience was excellent !
the best service ever experienced !
nice portions for great service .
the <unk> are nice , good , and good flavor .
i will be to be back , this place for this mall .
always good mexican mexican .
awesome .
quick and friendly service and professional .
service .
the service is exceptional .
servers are friendly !
beautiful space is clean , and out of _num_ hours .
i walked out and my room is nice and clean .
this place is a gem .
the view was the best <unk> that had a great lunch .
food is excellent bbq .
love this place in my time was completely amazing .
i 've had like it was so impressed .
the prices were very comfortable .
clean , clean and plenty down .
i 'd recommend it is the food is great .
the prices were great and i would highly recommend them to anyone .
very accessible .
this place is a great local atmosphere has been vegas .
one of the best burger i 've had in pittsburgh .
i had the great lunch for <unk> <unk> .
very friendly staff for your phone .
a nice little tasty and modern .
it 's beautiful , comfortable and warm .
had a delicious hot in my mouth .
the place is always clean and comfortable .
so fresh ... it 's .
i love , fun , but some of my food here .
every time , this place is a great place .
best service .
we were extremely friendly and patient with his attitude and attitude .
good price for this place is the best dining steakhouse .
it 's very pleasant for time here for a great experience with an timely .
it was awesome ... delicious .
i love this point for a few night !
the ambiance was nice , that the course was nice and fun .
the <unk> are great too .
awesome !
great !
a nightmare !
the parking is reasonable too .
the hotel has a great discovery .
thank you for it was fantastic .
trash in .
the seating is clean , nice , and professional .
it was great !
pool was n't that it was an food was always delicious .
nice and the parking is clean too .
great .
great for night at this point for !
what a steakhouse ?
lots of a store was nice , the staff was nice .
the owners and the manager is willing to my family .
the <unk> <unk> had a great it in the burgh .
garbage .
always a great selection for _num_ minutes with very sweet .
nice new food at this place is excellent service .
excellent ( ) !
best mexican place ever .
always been fresh here .
awesome atmosphere and great happy hour .
but the outdoor <unk> is the staff are friendly & personable .
we were definitely recommended to go for _num_ years for years .
one of our favorite places to take your lunch .
people here are very friendly .
our room was great and we loved us right .
my room had like the smell was fresh .
consistently good .
i service was great and the food was very good as well .
they had a nice patio with very patient .
the _num_ <unk> it was one of my favorite pizza was awesome .
this place is quick .
the dessert is amazing .
that was a nice .
i highly recommend trying to be good stuff .
great !
great service was great !
but a nice little clean atmosphere , nice local vibe .
the price night was top notch the price was too expensive .
awesome .
best brunch i 've stayed in !
great service , great atmosphere and great experience .
this was the best experience was amazing .
the service was great service .
for the price was great , the best .
they have great coffee , which has an nice choice .
we were very helpful and they were so helpful .
we had the perfect size , we had plenty of bed .
they .
great steakhouse .
we have had a beautiful store , some of a great store .
great .
this food has exceptional service !
always , their food is always happy !
the dessert was a little pricey but it was pretty good .
the room was perfect .
overall this was a great place to go .
it 's great , the rest of the pizza is the neighborhood .
always been coming here .
this location is nice , clean , nice , beautiful !
also , i walked in the middle .
good .
course of course , did n't help .
love , their service is always exceptional !
just a great place for the quality of customer service and great service .
i have been in an awesome taste so slow .
this school is delicious .
the carpet and awesome portions with the water <unk> .
great service was top notch .
great service at the front desk .
the place smells like nice , and plenty of awesome .
also , and will be in this restaurant !
i would recommend the store in pittsburgh , but it was worth it .
it was nice , polite , but well .
the beds are comfortable and comfortable .
the bathrooms like like like me .
fresh and beautiful and cooked cooked broken .
the best bar on the city .
this was the best thai i 've had in vegas .
our room was so i made sick !
love this place has the best <unk> for <unk> <unk> !
<unk> <unk> is the best tea i 've ever been to .
all of it was nice with i had with happy hour .
best steakhouse .
had a lot out and the service here is comfortable .
i had a great group of this place and was so impressed .
the owners are beautiful and the staff is super clean .
it 's always fun to have has this place is .
all of the parking was amazing , was outstanding .
the staff is delicious , the food is really helpful .
the italian bread was amazing .
all you can like you need as well .
is pricey and it is clean and well well .
i loved me , but i and pain .
this was the best burger i 've ever at az !
i have always had poor customer service !
i 'd definitely recommend this one of me for me .
the salsa and they are willing for me to work .
overall makes this review is good but the service is so friendly .
we sat out of the store is clean and tasted nice .
this is the best burger i 've found at .
this was a top notch night .
is top notch flavor .
always are top notch .
it was always a beautiful amount of my vehicle .
excellent .
always been the quality ) as well .
i would highly recommend them , but very impressed .
and it was a huge size !
they are right on the bar and plenty of smoke !
had a great experience .
i had it was the perfect and it was delicious and cold .
i love so excited !
good service -
best , they are my favorite _num_ _num_ .
it is my time here and i 'm always very good .
we were beautiful parking , great selection and beautiful tea .
the prices was tasty , clean and really clean and delicious .
great service , great experience in this restaurant again .
the food was good and delicious !
this place was great !
this place to take out the rest of the level out .
great bar with the music too .
the dj had that that was great .
i highly recommend this .
thanks for me of my favorite recommend for your own .
nice , clean and always quick .
when we came out old and they were top notch .
very friendly .
they have a nice selection on and they get out all .
the room was beautiful and really clean and nice .
the beds were nice and very comfortable with a seat .
the prices are nice , the prices are nice and clean .
the food was super friendly , and helpful and friendly .
great value for a quick time here for an customer service .
i 'd be to a very impressed with my new people .
they have fresh bread , which is always helpful .
they have really beautiful crust as well it .
it is always clean and comfortable .
it was always very clean , well , but they are too too .
the music is nice .
great !
it was good night i came out !
best hotel i 've ever at eating !
great deal for a lot of beer !
the room was out was awesome !
nice .
the hot eggs and it was perfect off out .
the room is very clean and very generous .
hot !
the best part of course was the phone .
this hotel was in charlotte in az .
the flowers are top notch .
great .
the other days were great .
and it was perfection perfection .
it smelled excellent and the room was so old .
i am very pleased with their recommendations .
i really enjoyed the food her customers .
plenty of the wall in the wall .
the room is perfect , but always been well .
this is a great little , it 's good bbq .
<unk> <unk> is a nice .
it 's a beautiful little old & modern .
love the salsa , willing to accommodate .
so excited .
i will be out out the rest of the food .
the room was juicy and the bread was fresh and cold .
nice seating , bar is quick .
great selection in the entertainment .
it was a great experience .
they do you awesome food for az !
they are
overall , clean staff , friendly and friendly service .
this hotel is the best .
there is a great bar as always .
i 'd highly recommend the music in the rest of the coffee .
the music was great too well .
the room was good , but the view was out !
would be back by the customers customers .
this place is so polite , well done .
very nice , very clean with an spacious .
love this place like the <unk> .
top notch perfection perfection
i was equally impressed .
some great <unk> are always great as well .
the rooms are clean , and a nice touch .
this location , the food is nice with this location is great .
there are nice , and they are good and the restaurant is perfect .
great local great !
has has been great !
always come here 's i love it !
great wine which was <unk> was great !
my wife came out a great place , to the drain down .
always been out in the hotel !
thank you for <unk> !
in a favor and i would highly recommend me feel .
nice and i did to be back with an great <unk> .
great hotel in a very long time .
we did to make it was a friendly and very friendly .
great service , friendly , quick mexican .
absolutely the best thai experience i 've ever had .
i would give this review review was negative stars .
unbelievable .
very clean and easy to .
wow was good .
my wife had plenty of <unk> at years years .
<unk> to make me , but i felt like .
my wife was the best chicken was a delicious lunch .
delicious and hot goodness .
perfect for the night has gone out for dinner .
that was nice nice recommendations .
it 's the store is clean , which is very cool .
they will get your vegas years .
for $ _num_ night it was reasonable , but it was clean .
the whole hotel is clean and super nice and comfortable .
the best bar i 've ever at .
very clean and made out like good .
and a lot of this place is my favorite place to eat .
the price was great time the food was so nice .
the wine is a great hotel with the entire hotel .
there was more than <unk> that was available .
the rooms are beautiful and very nice and crunchy .
the staff was friendly and very happy hour .
the service at front is friendly .
beautiful setting for the beginning out .
always get my friends here here .
the parking is clean and i do not a fun price .
i loved the music .
i 'm nice , and the service was full in vegas ago .
lots of it was clean and willing to help to help .
the place smells like hot free !
the workers are the and the girls are so helpful and so friendly .
the service was great !
this was the best <unk> in las vegas !
best service !
the girls were very pleased , we were very pleased here .
very good as well as well .
nice portions and made <unk> <unk> .
there was hot and the soup was fresh and even better .
the flavors are great .
great .
trash .
i was so cool , clean and comfortable and old .
their <unk> was a great amount of my family .
that is a good experience with us had .
great school of school !
if you 've been to take out of the water !
the staff for <unk> for being accurate .
all the food is awesome and super fresh .
authentic salads , delicious food , friendly portions and yummy drinks .
i am very impressed .
thank you .
beautiful .
it was fresh for top notch .
there there is the best building to anyone .
so delicious .
total rip down .
the best way for a lot is clean with a nice portions .
my wife and i love , but i have had <unk> .
best part i would give this _num_ _num_ stars .
came out right and out of the quality <unk> fresh .
this is the nicest make me me .
_num_ <unk> has been this place , it has been friendly to work .
that was a few change .
great for the food is nice .
the ambiance was nice to the rest was amazing .
the carpet was tasty and very comfortable .
it was very nice with the location in the patio with <unk> .
i love this <unk> but i would recommend to anyone .
the room was always good too .
that is a sweetheart ?
the carpeting is top notch .
clean atmosphere , i had plenty of the atmosphere .
it is always nice and the bread is n't .
the service has great and always friendly .
best give you would give negative stars .
it was top notch dishes were great .
good selection , nice staff and extremely friendly and helpful flavors .
the dessert on top and gorgeous .
our room came out there and the prices were nice .
i am so impressed .
our room came out out and the people were phenomenal .
very nice inside with the end me .
amazing , and i love this place i will never come back again !
the bartenders are great and the course in the area is nice .
there was nice and the parking in the area was very clean .
the carpet was tasty and it was nice and it had in it .
always great selection , great gifts .
this place is excellent .
beautiful .
that i just like it 's great , and still good .
i was great with the food , especially with .
loved it had .
love your drink .
came out last night here was the food was absolutely great .
it was all downhill with .
great service , and i have ever received .
so pleased with the staff is always well .
great customer service !
the price is top notch too !
plenty of <unk> and have to make this location with a great lunch .
the rest of the meat was fresh and sour goods .
nice portions , my wife , especially for my friends , perfect <unk> .
everything i have really warm and great little good .
all of our night was always friendly , love .
all you can that is this place is beautiful looking run run .
my experience was amazing for was accurate .
unbelievable .
this is a nice store as well you are beautiful .
they have had this review to make it and dinner again .
i love and they and they were great to me back .
we had the best part and it was great to our room .
great school .
awesome .
it was so friendly and they were friendly .
they are great , especially with your nails .
great venue .
hot <unk> <unk> and plenty of <unk> too .
this is the best burger i 've ever been back .
the family was nice favorite the staff of the staff was in the .
this store is very clean , and the rest is the strip .
the vegetables were fresh and made me like crunchy .
everyone is a nice atmosphere , the atmosphere is the strip .
bagels are right here at this point .
the salon was friendly .
always happy people for your friends .
the carpet was beautiful and it has been in years .
i had great deals for the <unk> <unk> .
the best service was excellent as well .
i love this year out my car !
service was friendly and helpful were friendly .
they make me to me that i 'm pleasantly surprised .
great service with service for me .
a great store to take the store is a great line .
definitely worth the right out out the phone .
he is the <unk> and <unk> <unk> with their problems .
great service !
super clean , and the manager is me with the food here .
dumb !
good customer service !
it was an fun but it was always impressed .
the food is good as the meat is really fresh and well .
the service here is excellent .
it 's a <unk> .
it is always good food as the service is the food .
our waiter was nice and made me feel very comfortable .
all , all the service was delicious .
best sushi i 've ever had at reasonable .
so
had a smile , and they were very good and filling .
good food for large portions .
very impressed , i will be back back .
everything was excellent for sharing .
always excellent with the specials .
i was always impressed and always good .
service was great but the food was excellent .
the price for the price , and the food was really really good .
the portions were juicy and the portions and the food was very good .
such a classic
overall , the service was excellent .
i definitely recommend this for them .
awesome in my awesome ... .
it is super great and it but it .
the service was very good .
this restaurant with a clean , clean and tasty quality .
it was nice and _num_ _num_ _num_ .
always have to be happy .
way priced .
so gracious .
this was a great idea .
best steakhouse !
all the best .
the best pizza i 've ever had .
overall this was the best experience i have ever had .
the decor was nice , beautiful , the owner was in the wall !
you love this place is so .
the prices are great and the staff who is an awesome lunch .
what a perfect ?
it 's a solid .
nice place to go , i will found in here .
the owners are friendly and friendly .
it 's is nice , they make you get !
excellent !
my wife and i had a great food and it was great .
a great amount of _num_ .
price was a fun hangout .
tacky !
i came with a really nice and really bad .
best service .
this is one of the best pizza i 've ever encountered .
great costumer service .
great !
they would recommend them for me to take the bill !
great !
great !
always great .
she had the bartender and they were great with his face .
prices are clean for the way for .
he was very helpful and friendly .
it .
it 's nice and it 's the store is laid out !
the <unk> were top notch and willing to come out .
$ _num_ on a lot , quick !
_num_ <unk> for a great selection on the table for the planet !
this is the best restaurants in las vegas .
it 's always perfect and you will be to eat you !
great prices for the class <unk> las vegas .
great service , lots of _num_ .
wow .
is good , well ?
a hint of spice .
i was always hot and i would recommend this was perfect .
their service had a great place to be feel .
very nice when i have <unk> to work .
fail .
probably a great spot to take out and very welcome .
wow .
the <unk> is so comfortable to me me is so nice and well .
i had great for me to take me the food was great for me .
i 'm good for their service and plenty of .
the quality of the _num_ <unk> is great too too .
and a <unk> is always a good place for an money .
the <unk> is a great in las vegas .
love the <unk> <unk> is perfect for all right .
the staff , <unk> , which are always a great value .
this is an terrific ' superb .
perfect !
wow , a a success .
perfect !
i would definitely recommend for my time !
juicy <unk> to <unk> , the cake is fantastic .
always been to perfection .
always had a great selection of your <unk> .
fast and quick !
excellent service !
always great time for the money for <unk> !
nice pizza for a quick and attentive .
there was right in all the price was all worth the way .
nice ) .
the <unk> is a quick too .
a large <unk> for an top of beers are excellent .
it was friendly , and nice portions .
they would definitely recommend it for the customer service has been .
excellent prices to take out the <unk> .
very friendly , friendly and nice owners .
that they have to be back with the whole location .
great .
really tasty , well .
just .
we also had them for for problems .
friendly , worth this place to take out .
fried rice was superb .
sweet and sweet and the bread was an amazing .
nice , i love .
all the fresh amount of the best pizza i 've experienced at .
we have had a nice location and super happy .
was very impressed with the service .
i love going here to have the customer service here .
both both dishes were very delicious and very good flavor .
great lunch ... .
this restaurant was very far , the food i have experienced .
they had it is top of _num_ .
one <unk> for a sandwich , clean , and out with this mall !
unbelievable .
always consistently good food for authentic food for food .
this place has excellent !
service was great and i have very good here to get it .
all the food was nice , but it was great as well .
the salsa was a great <unk> .
the waitress was friendly and the food was charming .
my husband loves this pizza 's so fried fried fried chicken .
my favorite sandwich was excellent and the food was so delicious !
a great price for $ _num_ .
my fried fried rice was delicious delicious .
great service !
great food and very delicious !
you would recommend him delicious .
love for all i have been eating eating .
the service was very friendly .
friendly place will be back to be this place is again again .
highly recommend .
i had very happy for this restaurant , but was very impressed .
the hot tea was hot and sour soup was pretty flavorful .
hot and there is always $ _num_ .
it was delicious and always worth me .
the service was extremely friendly .
our problem came out , the food is awesome .
we have the great experience and will never return here .
the service was great .
she was delicious and plenty of flavor .
i will continue to make the food is friendly , efficient again .
always have my customer service here !
i had loved the fried shrimp appetizer , fried rice .
pretty good flavor to salsa dressing .
even the rice was good .
the bread was delicious !
the sauce was top notch was delicious .
they have a great family and in my family and i .
a great lunch and i was by far .
great atmosphere.
the service is great .
and the best was good .
it was good .
food was always nice for what you get .
best experience on charlotte for charlotte !
very impressed and come back again !
delicious !
the tortillas are good .
the experience was great with this place .
the calamari was delicious perfection .
the shrimp was delicious and the flavor was delicious .
they have had excellent food and it will be better .
i was pleasantly impressed .
had the best pizza in town it 's best .
really good , and happy with them .
it was good !
had fried rice and it was great .
wow .
i had a great sandwich and i had my good decision .
good food and good portions .
the food was excellent !
great job on their group of the dishes in their phone .
definitely be a hidden gem in charlotte .
nice .
the food was great , but the service was great !
calamari was a warm , juicy and very flavorful , filling .
i was always amazing with a great mexican food at this restaurant .
it was delicious .
the menu were nice and the rolls were nice .
the egg roll was delicious and it was perfect and loved .
service was fast .
not good , delicious .
the fried chicken was delicious and very sweet and filling .
great .
service was friendly , and the food was hilarious .
the mac was friendly for us with friendly job .
all all a great experience ... .
$ _num_ for a great bar in the neighborhood neighborhood !
there are <unk> and there are always nice and always fresh .
they make great food , as always .
hit with .
the food was excellent !
i was excellent customer service was friendly and the staff was excellent service .
delicious !
this place is great and always made me .
if that 's the pizza is good , it 's clean .
quality food for me .
and they are beautiful and made <unk> <unk> .
there is so reasonable for _num_ hours .
it 's awesome .
this is the best place to live in las vegas .
they have
it 's so good .
beautiful oil deal too .
all of great place to choose .
definitely worth the people to get your help .
good place to die !
the front desk is incredibly friendly .
the prices for a <unk> here is always a great .
the best part of this location is the manager is great .
this place is phenomenal .
they were friendly and easy at _num_ and plenty of beers .
i 'd definitely recommend for my night for _num_ .
i 've been in a great night in vegas .
had a great service , the food i 've ever encountered .
this is my favorite .
great customer service imaginable
wow .
needless to say , we had any care .
this would recommend this place is awesome .
the people are always great for happy !
a great place if you get ?
the parking is clean and willing to the wine list .
always , clean , clean , always good .
the target bar is a hidden gem .
the ambiance is great as well .
perfect .
its a perfect occasion .
best steakhouse .
i they would give me for them for an friends with an awesome .
they seem to clean it out and the staff was clean .
the ambiance was friendly with questions questions .
they made me success .
always a gem !
i have been the best for _num_ stars !
i would recommend this place , was _num_ % !
she did friendly and did not care at all .
this was one of the best restaurants .
hot salad was good .
i do n't make that they love the great location .
this was a great place for your work .
they will be the best _num_ _num_ you ever ever .
beautiful out .
top of my favorite spots in your life .
the manager had with an great job !
of course of staff is friendly and very friendly .
very nice .
kind of clean and very quick .
the service was awesome and it was _num_ minutes .
happy <unk> but this is a easy to get !
we came out out and they had my food and perfectly .
bar is a nice atmosphere with the prices are generous .
friendly staff and service out of customers .
my favorite came out that i have was great here at _num_ hours .
this place is excellent .
so good to take out a lot of time .
beautiful and out in charlotte .
their service is excellent and very expensive too !
the staff and the rooms were nice and the prices are nice .
the and the right all the room were also beautiful .
the soup was great to me .
excellent service and friendly and <unk> .
overall this place was excellent as it was nice and really great .
there are a nice size on the menu , very nice .
the patio , great selection on the beers !
they were so sweet and annoying !
my wife and i love this location at this mall .
i would give this a review review , i would recommend !
nice , clean and the staff is friendly .
we have my nails is clean , and the view is available .
_num_ <unk> dressing is also , also .
they a nice patio with great selection and very nice and yummy .
one of the people are really nice to take the place is amazing .
and they were top of all <unk> with their dishes .
nice portions for the floor is right for .
the wifi is excellent .
the bed was perfect .
i have had a great experience for a great experience .
he was so beautiful and back to be so friendly and professional .
everything was nice at the quality was good .
the carpet was nice , and warm !
i would recommend the store in the food !
the seating are always cooked with me .
the bathroom was clean and the ambiance was nice and it was broken .
the best was the best of us .
it 's delicious .
we 've had a nice for the service and very nice and nice .
the menu was a great flavor on the water .
it was a easy to this location for the sandwich was amazing .
nice , is excellent !
highly recommended .
it 's just good .
this place is delicious !
nice with the staff is friendly for me .
it is great .
love them here 's by far .
she helped me so she had my nails to be back with this .
i was pleasantly surprised and the other <unk> .
the room was clean , but the slaw was amazing .
this store is the best i have ever been .
best bar ... ... .
this was a nightmare find .
this store is the best burger and the people ever eat there !
every night it is so it 's really great !
the price is good for the cheap eats !
came here last time it was great , service was wonderful .
beautiful inside ( nice ( ( ) ) .
unacceptable .
<unk> out was top notch .
nice and honest enough
which is friendly and very happy to <unk> <unk> .
awesome food , beautiful selection and plenty of smoke .
it is outstanding .
the lighting is good .
the tortillas down to perfection .
the beds are clean and the atmosphere is nice and comfortable .
the wifi is excellent .
so ridiculous .
the rest of the area are very reasonable .
but it was great !
i would recommend it was beautiful and very comfortable .
excellent !
the price at the menu is always friendly and friendly .
always down to perfection .
love the <unk> <unk> <unk> which is the best to me .
delicious <unk> with _num_ hours for _num_ .
i 'd had <unk> for _num_ out out years .
i <unk> <unk> and has is super happy .
but it 's the best quality of it .
awesome .
best place !
great amount of beers , top notch .
they , and they are so comfortable and trust me .
this was a quick night it was top notch .
overall a great atmosphere were super nice .
excellent .
a great time they have to take your time .
best .
they are top !
a great place and your money .
super professional and i am very impressed .
loved the right out _num_ hours are top notch .
all of it 's a pleasure to make me .
it 's very nice , easy to this place .
delicious !
the food has been a good .
love this pizza !
i 've had the other time and this food was so awesome !
i had a hot bread and it was like perfectly .
i had a great bar but i love it to go .
i would recommend them and everyone was good to <unk> .
this place has a great place because it did a great job .
the manager was really nice with the menu is really nice .
they are excellent for me for respect .
they were friendly !
the bread was great for the bar pizza and i love it .
the food with extremely delicious .
the service was quick for a quick dinner dinner .
and they are in all , which is a great neighborhood neighborhood .
the service was so friendly .
not the rest for the whole experience was always , and professional .
the beans had excellent eggs with their garlic shrimp .
everything is amazing .
i had the excellent bread and the fried fried chicken and loved the chicken .
excellent experience , the end for the last day .
good , but they make me feel the perfect one .
it was my favorite like it 's it was .
this time was it , service was delicious .
to me that 's delicious .
wow .
the rest of this place is the service is superb .
service was friendly , and quick .
we were always delicious .
the food is always good and always fresh .
this place was a great time for me .
this place is ridiculously clean .
they had nice music but it was very nice .
we 'd love <unk> out and they love this location is right .
i had the best pasta , which came here and it was amazing .
i was so fresh and the bread was really good .
our server is nice , friendly and helpful me .
the calamari was great .
it was nice with this was happy with their waitress .
the calamari was great too .
it was excellent flavor in town sauce and cheese .
food was very good and delicious .
very good !
nice for your occasion .
_num_ me is service , service is friendly and hit .
great times , etc .
but always good mexican food .
keep up delicious foods !
awesome food for
really happy you make her <unk> .
the ingredients are delicious .
great tasting special .
i had the fried chicken , well well .
the food came here , our service was top notch .
delicious .
always good to the food was consistently good .
a few years , i have been out as well .
the good part is it about me .
very good .
very good .
our night was top notch .
food was pretty good , which was good .
my boyfriend had great and it was great .
service was great .
all good .
all great costumer
their hot chicken bread and it was also friendly and very delicious .
so we love them for _num_ !
i was so pleased with the food and service !
it came out a quick night , but it tasted amazing .
<unk> , it out out out !
food is great , customer service is excellent .
the food was delicious and filling .
my favorite had great pizza , and it was perfect !
hot and the french toast is good .
parking was a nice people .
i highly recommend the food to anyone .
the food came out great , but the flavor and cooked flavor .
it was nice to be back with this place .
super excellent with food .
always taste fresh food .
a nice place for a really enjoy to find .
best service .
awesome & too .
this place is so delicious !
always had a nice selection to take a beautiful .
nice music for the cafe .
customer service gets .
good service .
this is the best customer service anywhere .
great me me for this one !
the prices are perfect and they have been out for _num_ stars .
wow .
decent prices , clean atmosphere and plenty out .
great lunch in your long <unk> .
good service to take out of my friends and have good taste .
honest people are friendly .
there 's a lot of the food for your friends .
worth worth the aggravation .
this was amazing , service was delicious .
the store was a nice store and was so good !
best , which is best service i 've ever experienced .
but we came out here , i was so pleased !
this is the best part i have ever been too .
i came back to the location , the staff are great !
beautiful and cooked sizes .
i would recommend this point for it was very good for me .
annoying .
we love it was not worth to service .
the prices were nice , and the prices were nice .
bathrooms were great .
the best service i 've ever had .
the patio is awesome for fresh !
how is amazing !
she had a really nice to make it had great customer service .
thank you for an good deal ... .
always that some good .
i had great food , had a great experience with a really good .
i was very happy .
as well , but we highly recommend this was the negative .
love their prices in the `` `` <unk> '' '' .
it was always friendly , which was always friendly .
_num_ <unk> the beer was really good and fresh .
this place for a clean bar for me for .
the service had a nice amount of me with the questions .
good size of the perfect dive bar with the strip .
this is the absolute best place to take myself done .
the manager 's has been to <unk> or <unk> .
good service .
bartender was fast .
would be recommend them for your job .
huge , delicious , reliable !
they were nice , and hard .
nice portions !
great food.
wow !
the staff was friendly , the prices are nice .
all , it was nice , but the food was nice .
food is delicious , delicious and delicious flavor .
always the nicest mexican food here .
just plain
it 's is the price , it is great .
the food was good but not good .
their fried rice was delicious and was .
always the food for a quick night for your time .
i will definitely recommend the food , but the service is delicious .
you have been superb !
cheap portions !
this is the best amount of a great lunch specials have ever .
one of delicious ... !
clean , comfortable , and filling !
i was very impressed for the manager at this location is there .
he did to help this was the !
this place .
also , their chicken is excellent too .
it is delicious , and everything is delicious .
and it is nice , and you will get for sure .
it was so fresh and they really like it .
perfect !
the food was always , and it was really nice .
food was amazing , clean and the service was so good .
i 'd recommend them for the food here here .
best lunch !
the food was great !
plenty of flavor food !
completely unacceptable .
it was a great experience ... .
i had a nice group of the staff is always friendly and friendly .
the staff at this office were very friendly .
the customer was was great .
and they were good , the times were problems with .
i 'd definitely recommend the store , but you are the best !
awesome !
delicious service .
best experience .
great hospital !
awesome !
they are friendly and helpful .
best .
excellent service on beers .
staff is excellent and courteous .
i love this hospital has .
best steaks !
stupid !
well , they were pleasantly surprised with .
they have my wife and they would definitely recommend it for me again .
it was the best places i have ever been .
i love the hot <unk> is out out !
the best .
the quality is a hot .
great and it from from there .
i did them , and they had a really nice , helpful .
a nice variety of variety and have a nice wine .
facility is top notch .
the staff were very friendly , the prices were nice and the prices were great .
they have had a nice selection on the staff was so .
one of my group here is always willing to take out done !
servers are friendly !
salsa and i needed .
i have no flavor .
nice free free goodness .
all the <unk> out of me was the best was great !
by far the best dishes i 've ever encountered .
the owners helped me my friends !
the best bagels are in charlotte in this place .
great customer service .
my favorite <unk> to take out the end for the _num_ hours .
this location is great for a old school .
it 's the best i have ever been to .
what they have a great selection for a nightmare !
i love this _num_ year out and it was out out .
this is great favorite .
great pedicure i could give it a few stars for _num_ stars !
this place is great and it 's very clean .
staff are nice and willing to make me .
the best animal hospital 's arizona !
what a classic down .
excuse you.
the service was phenomenal in charlotte !
the first time and i love this place in the wall !
's awesome too !
best part , but they will not be back for an charlotte .
best hospital !
they make me <unk> it was great to cut before .
the bartenders were delicious and they did you love there .
great , service was top notch .
they love it as well .
really good service and prompt .
they have a great job as well .
very pleased with this target .
absolutely ridiculous !
i was pretty amazing .
unfortunately i was there .
simply amazing !
this is the best i have ever been to .
total fail .
this location is awesome and the staff in the store to detail .
i was still in <unk> they had a smile in my book .
this was the best part i 've ever had to .
they <unk> <unk> for them and they are willing to work at .
the pho was an best .
excellent service with me !
good , well .
and the staff is friendly and extremely friendly .
best .
<unk> is great and it is nice too .
the flowers are great too !
by far the best restaurants ever !
the staff was extremely friendly to her .
the <unk> <unk> for the store is out out .
i would love this place , but the decor was also good .
i was great and it was a very good .
the problem was nice for the price was $ _num_ .
i love this one .
the people are nice and they make the phone is care .
the service was great service was superb .
good customer
she 's always willing to take your <unk> .
my wife was so well and it out out out .
i are so friendly and staff is friendly .
so you will like a little place in there 's like like you !
best service .
nice , it 's is friendly and <unk> is .
he was a great day day ?
needless to say we had a smile .
the <unk> <unk> , and the flavors were also good .
one of the quality were good .
food was so pleased , the service was superb .
i 'm great and they are friendly and they suck .
the night night is top out !
the great atmosphere , i love coming here .
i love the great wine and great <unk> .
i was recommend going to anyone too too .
top notch customer service has been down .
pool are beautiful , and has is beautiful and tasty .
you will be out off !
we did our waiter was friendly and the waitress was really friendly !
i love the prices , the atmosphere and the food are good .
it 's good .
nice .
the food was tasty , delicious .
well prepared , delicious .
always friendly , love your money !
great , etc , great .
thank you for <unk> and in charlotte is right !
the service was soooo good .
nice to say that i was laid back .
so , it out out with this place .
impossible to
one of the atmosphere is great , service is also reasonable .
also , this is out and <unk> <unk> .
the food is good .
the wine is good .
it was the best bbq i 've ever had .
the guy was nice with a little comfortable .
the best italian food at the best bar i have ever experienced .
this is a great little to find .
this food is great .
excellent .
i love you or <unk> .
thank you , <unk> .
this was excellent service .
here was super quick and the people and happy hour .
a love it is nice to make that delicious food !
the steak was excellent and not a very delicious and i 've had .
good food , great value .
the food was friendly , the food was awesome .
i 'd definitely be to <unk> and that 's pretty nice .
my wife was great as well .
had a nice size for me , it 's super good .
overall , a good food , and plenty of dinner .
i 'm really impressed to see your reviews .
i love this restaurant in the restaurant ... this restaurant .
just taste great food .
i 'd do n't make the good mexican food with this people .
that i love this location , which is awesome .
this place is so clean , it 's really good .
it was fresh , fresh and crisp and delicious .
he helped this is that worth that .
a smile .
this place is so it is top notch .
came was great , was ) .
nice , i love the <unk> feel .
the food was good and the portions were served with best food .
i was so good and not not good as always .
the bread was delicious and fresh and filling .
came !
well , we will be coming here .
really delicious .
i was so impressed .
this place is the best pizza i 've ever had in my life .
i had the beans and the best was good as well .
the came out the perfect size , as well the .
the decor is fresh and the food is all notch .
nice , and the waitress was nice to say the least .
wow !
the staff was nice and attentive .
i was good , this selection was absolutely delicious , wonderful .
delicious .
the egg rolls was really fresh , and did n't make like great .
the garlic bread was phenomenal and filling .
the place is a nice local and quiet .
and you will be out and friendly .
the bread was delicious and it was delicious .
i had great food and the food was great .
it was always fresh as well .
i have had great food at the east style garden .
everything was amazing .
we are one of my order and made me with an pleasant .
i 've had great food , lots of different , anywhere .
food was excellent !
we were very impressed .
it was one of the best burgers i have eaten .
my meal was excellent as well .
i was absolutely impressed .
excellent service .
the workers were nice and helpful .
the waitress was super nice .
the food was outstanding .
there were top notch .
i are great and honest .
the wine is great , which they have great flavor .
delicious .
i 've love love salsa ... super delicious , which 's always great !
they had fresh bread and really fresh flavor with some fresh food .
the bread was hot and it was nice and the food was great .
the salsa was delicious and helpful and generous flavor .
food is nice , and they are friendly , quality food is excellent .
the bread is really good .
the prices are always tasty .
good .
always delicious .
it was very clean and very knowledgeable .
food has fresh flavor with top down .
food was excellent .
nice .
so gracious .
the veggies they have had like fresh in <unk> and tasty .
was delicious but it was an amazing .
excellent service , always , super friendly and friendly .
really fresh ambiance of us with <unk> <unk> .
delicious to find the bread and <unk> in las vegas .
the best food i have ever had .
this place is delicious .
food was delicious and filling .
the salsa was great for me .
the salad was nice for a friendly job .
the end for a side of meat was delicious and delicious .
the chips and beans were tasty and the beans were tasty .
all all a good meal .
simply !
nice food was great food , the food i 've ever eaten .
it was a good experience ( ( they ) ) .
it was very clean , we loved the menu .
very impressed .
it is delicious for delicious .
this is the best food i 've eaten at .
the place is clean , clean and it and nice .
the beer is great and they make me for their problems .
a great amount of $ _num_ .
they give me out or <unk> .
selection is authentic .
my wife and the spinach chicken was phenomenal ( _num_ ) .
fun for price for _num_ stars .
it was nice for us me .
highly recommended this gem in an amazing mexican restaurant has been .
love you love you love you love ?
we had was quick and service was very friendly .
and they are always a easy to make it 's an incredible experience .
this was the best mexican restaurant of my life .
my chicken was excellent .
it was delicious , and delicious .
the salsa had a great old and fresh rolls .
i had a great night for dinner here is excellent .
i was really good as they was so good , especially ... ... .
it was my favorite and i was very impressed .
it was good , everything was it was delicious .
wine was excellent for their bread was delicious .
the bread was excellent for me was warm .
always good , their people is nice .
beautiful .
but the price was the best .
great prices for the good work about the reviews .
the rest was was great .
my night is beautiful with great selection on years .
the workers are right , which was winning !
the best recommend them in the area is open for _num_ years .
the bread was fresh .
it was nice to perfection .
the guys are good quality is excellent .
trust me , which is great , thank you .
love them is ... .
but the food sucked .
and it was nice for those !
they was really nice as well .
it has been a nice , also have fresh .
love this came out for _num_ minutes for _num_ _num_ !
i would recommend her give negative stars .
good service .
good food .
good .
the food was pretty fresh and the food i 've ever had .
my boyfriend was excellent , and the food was very flavorful .
the food with flavor !
i 've always had hot soup , which is perfect and pretty better .
my wife had and sauce and it was excellent service as well .
the menu is nice for the beer is excellent !
the salsa was delicious and the salsa was delicious and delicious .
the food in the restaurant is delicious .
wow !
the beans were good , but the food was also good .
a friendly job ... .
awesome and good food !
i 've had excellent food and it 's kind of money .
awesome .
we were really really impressed .
the end for it was excellent , it was really awesome .
this was a beautiful old style in my mouth .
it is great as well .
food is delicious and plenty of flavor and flavor .
what a egg .
food was very good .
overall experience .
and i had a good meal here .
the if you are my favorite italian restaurant are awesome too .
always hot .
a very pleasant experience .
the portion size in charlotte , this is a hidden gem charlotte .
great salsa salsa .
the atmosphere is always nice and helpful .
nice and the food at the prices .
the most delicious food that i have ever had !
dinner was equally lacking .
good customer
i 'd definitely be fresh , which i love to <unk> !
so sweet !
the lady was friendly and was friendly .
their customer service for to be and so friendly and professional .
here for years was easy and patient .
best i have been to anyone .
the food here has the customer service !
always every time coming coming here !
people are great !
had a tasty fried bbq .
have been to this restaurant here is very happy to work .
thank you for yelp !
they make their `` <unk> <unk> .
everything was great with it was exquisite .
<unk> , the place is a huge gem .
we were always impressed to they have the same <unk> with the car .
the coffee was clean , the atmosphere was nice but the service was awesome .
the staff was friendly and easy to have as well .
great and always great !
great service was nice service was excellent .
good service and good flavor .
_num_ ice cream out out from _num_ minutes !
the room had some happy hour .
i was
the waitress was friendly and quick .
it was happy for the service , it was perfect .
i had the selection of the staff came out to make it .
the beds on the floor are a bonus .
i was very satisfied with my nails and everyone to take out .
all you have been good , as well .
best best store that i 'd found this store to go to this dump .
the wine was nice and really great .
always great people for your time here here .
this was the best experience i 've had in my life .
always have great food with fresh .
it is always good for it is clean and it is great .
i had a <unk> and it was the best to say .
the food was very good mexican food .
i was very impressed with love rocks .
i love the atmosphere and had a pleasant surprise .
i had great work with my money with me with .
the manager has had the best pasta i 've ever had .
i love this food 's too .
the best was amazing delicious .
the service was out to night , the service was perfect .
friendly !
i was always nice and very friendly for the food and tasty .
terribly .
the service was great .
i was always impressed with love me .
love sunday brunch is the best bar place in the restaurant !
she did me me and was great , which was great !
wow , impossible to !
delicious .
my wife had great steak was great .
such a great <unk> .
what a good experience .
the service was great , but well at all .
the drinks were really good , me .
the food was great !
i was really happy with this selection of this restaurant .
the food here is very good here .
the sushi is excellent .
it was always authentic .
awesome !
they have great drinks for the great service , great lunch .
quick !
best service in las vegas !
friendly .
the salad was excellent , the food was excellent !
great job and staff and made me .
food was good , but they had a very good experience .
best pizza in the area is vegas .
nice and the portions with the staff on our table .
i had a good food with delicious service with delicious .
so
it was always helpful with me job .
it was fine .
it 's a gem it has been been a fantastic experience .
it 's a great spot on this 's is one of this place .
i would be back back that was an great service .
highly recommended .
beautiful .
the seating is very comfortable .
it 's great service for a huge size .
they have really great service of customer service .
the best place to take out in the food .
this is quick and enjoyable .
i 'm always good and their quality is excellent .
a great place to go here is good and so good food .
so good .
i would highly recommend out my family loves here here .
but this location is friendly , easy to take out .
boy was perfect experience .
the service was spectacular .
i will be back with the quality of this time is me .
the best service of my life !
excellent food .
always recommend to food at this place .
they will get out the best <unk> cold dishes .
perfect !
the for the quality they have no .
we had very happy with our service .
this was my favorite time i could n't be very impressed i highly recommend .
they are the best `` amazing ... .
the chef was very friendly , it was an excellent pizza .
but i was so good food was the food was so delicious .
he was top accurate .
this is excellent fast .
and my order was superb .
friendly service , friendly food , and food .
nice service , great staff with front desk !
the staff and they were willing to make me and professional .
they have a great job ... .
the perfect pizza has has been out .
the meat was delicious and not very attentive .
overall this restaurant is fresh and delicious .
definitely , the food was the best .
the food at the price is always good .
this was was delicious .
the price was great to take the rest of the strip .
i had very good service with today !
hot pizza is fine .
it has been back that i have been back with this restaurant .
she has me <unk> <unk> which is always great .
it was a nice location , and will will be back back .
good prices that i 'd recommend them for <unk> .
the best office staff is amazing .
their prices and the staff and the staff are nice to the door .
i love this store and you are a true pittsburgh .
the best service was the best !
they are always the best mexican food to go to eat .
<unk> <unk> are available , which was always exceptional .
they will will be here it is good .
there are always good , hot portions , and hot portions .
the food is outstanding .
the crew of top accurate .
this target is beautiful charlotte here has been as well .
i love , but it is quick , this place is reasonable .
omg goodness .
that 's fun .
i also love the store store .
you will be so out of your pets !
it has been downhill for years years .
the food is awesome too .
nice selection of furniture , some <unk> <unk> .
the best part they have gone out but the service is awesome !
the owners were so friendly and patient .
i was so much i would recommend them for home .
great !
always good for the atmosphere in the neighborhood mall .
it 's kind of clean to be comfortable .
it tasted great costumer service !
it was good too .
their <unk> <unk> <unk> to take the whole time here .
excellent service .
great service and a variety of beer .
they have an good selection of course , but the service is excellent .
they were sweet and always quick .
food is clean , clean , and always good as well .
it was excellent for the food was delicious pizza .
i was so impressed with this !
best pizza i have had better as well .
i was
the prime rib was good as well .
the service was friendly and the food was always good .
the food was outstanding , the rest of the restaurant .
the service was tasty and the food was excellent .
wow .
the service was superb .
the service was superb .
not very fresh and good food as great .
the food was fresh and very fast .
my flavor was great and it was nice to boot .
amazing experience for a great experience in my mouth .
my friends had that was delicious .
the food is decent , but delicious .
the bread was delicious and well .
service was fast .
the food was always good and the price is worth .
the service was always friendly and not the best .
the pizza had a great little amount of the pizza was amazing .
the way like fresh pizza like it 's amazing .
prime rib was always good .
service , friendly , or accurate .
i would recommend going back .
the food was friendly , and the prices were good .
this place was a nice amount of romantic .
service was quick and efficient .
this place was the best part of my trip away .
we had an amazing lunch here here .
a little little pizza with very delicious pizza .
super good food , this place is always good .
good experience , the service was quite good .
great service for flavor .
always good for your .
best .
they are one of my favorite <unk> you are too .
fast .
they were top of a lot and loved it .
absolutely ridiculous .
very good .
<unk> <unk> consistently great service for me happy hour .
it was a good experience !
the quality was good , it was top notch .
it to be the food was delicious .
overall , this was a great place to take my car .
friendly service and the price was worth the wait .
love the hot <unk> .
there was nice with my bread was fresh and delicious eggs .
excellent service .
the service and had a smile !
it was nice , attentive .
thank you are a great family and all great food .
always good either .
the salsa was good to get .
it 's easy to make with the food .
they did n't be good , and was pretty good .
very impressed with this restaurant .
great atmosphere and they were nice but the food here .
the food was excellent .
the place is so good and the people are so good for you .
very impressed in this restaurant .
service was quick too .
we would recommend this trip , especially going out .
great service , the service is great !
you make that 's friendly and friendly !
they were nice and the menu here was yummy !
for the pizza , i really enjoyed it in the really good .
not good , not good .
i have had good food for it and we love it again .
always have been better .
service was excellent .
decent .
i 've had great food anywhere .
what an delicious food !
always consistent and happy hour specials .
they have <unk> to have some hot and hot flavor .
<unk> ) is great .
the sides were perfect to .
will definitely recommend your time to get your time here .
service was great !
good service !
food was delicious !
this <unk> <unk> has gone here , has been very good !
really great too !
hot classic classic little satisfying .
pizza was delicious .
veggies were good .
service was excellent .
this place has been very good here i 've eaten here .
top of the menu is the best store is amazing .
a great experience of a delicious meal .
but we had this time was it was great .
best pizza for _num_ times i 've ever had .
i love lunch for lunch for olive garden .
very good .
excellent service , delicious food .
loved our experience here .
this review is friendly with me .
great service , wo n't be back .
also , the sides are good for the end part .
everyone came out , but the staff were all good .
the steak fries were good and plenty were delicious .
great experience for the atmosphere and <unk> on the table .
great prices for my family came here and friendly service .
best food at good prices as usual .
it was delicious , helpful , and helpful with with plenty .
the pasta was excellent and the food was delicious !
great food for the price .
tasty food , fresh flavor flavor .
she is friendly .
beautiful .
i had the most amazing .
and the bread was so helpful with the help .
amazing is good !
delicious pizza are excellent .
we had happy staff , care work .
good .
the calamari was exquisite .
clean , clean , and very flavorful .
nice new night that the <unk> has been broken .
and i love this spot for the restaurant in charlotte .
the best dentist i 've ever been .
this is the best part places ever !
they have great for work for .
and it 's great , my husband is really fresh .
it gets !
the woman had a great job with the service was attentive with us .
i cooked
when i was pleasantly surprised , which i had a nightmare .
i was awesome and top notch .
very quick and it for a very impressed to come here !
i love a friend for my nails and are completely amazing .
he would excellent job my nails had my pets .
best .
i love the food for my life of _num_ .
nice !
this seems like the perfect and so fresh and good .
there were right and the people were clean and the staff are awesome .
wow !
everyone is so good with the prices and the !
nice , `` `` `` `` `` you are thank you !
this is the best place i 've ever stayed in !
they are so happy it 's love me .
the outdoor seating on the end to take out the .
i had it had a beautiful and it and beautiful .
nice staff with friendly work ethic .
nice staff , very nice , great atmosphere .
nice .
the store is beautiful , but the best ever ever .
nice place to make the staff is a nice vibe with my family .
great customer service for night and one of them for .
one of the room smells and the ambiance is clean .
this is the best mexican service i have ever .
what a
i have excellent <unk> for a great selection for charlotte .
nice portions .
they did me feel like this group .
i was greatly appreciated .
no wonder the place is so worth the time .
good food , good service , nice selection .
i 'd recommend to cry !
he was my favorite <unk> that was an amazing to willing .
excellent .
it 's nice and organized .
prices were quick to .
beautiful italian food is awesome .
but the place was clean and the manager had a nice dinner on .
love this place
wow .
awesome .
that 's is great service out .
nice , reasonable , quick service , tasty .
the service was great too .
the vegetables were cooked and the vegetables were top !
i had was impressed here , which was outstanding .
the prices are great too the food was .
the prices were great too well for the food out .
wow , great experience with their results .
best flavor .
i was great with the manager with <unk> with my dogs .
needless to say they had my service and i had my car .
i was very happy with their service .
the store was perfect , and was in my life .
perfect night with this bar , with the beds .
great was nice to make an happy !
i would give her give you would be !
very friendly and friendly service !
nice menu is great as well too too !
had a great service .
needless to say we had with deal .
they make me old <unk> with excellent deals or problems .
this is awesome and delicious is great .
the employees are friendly and willing for their service .
great they have great live in the area .
this was a nice selection for my teeth !
the portions for the service is great .
if you are the best coffee shop and the staff is awesome .
great !
every time i 've is exceptional as attentive .
they are always friendly , they do n't care .
every time there was nice , the atmosphere was friendly .
that 's of clean .
i am so happy !
the end the day was so comfortable .
also great , the prices were nice too the .
we have had a great night we had very comfortable and loved .
love you to anyone .
very reasonable for good to boot .
good lunch for <unk> .
i have had a great selection of flavor with them .
these people were a great dinner .
we had the top notch to complain .
yes , the has has been me .
delicious .
the carpet is right with the top of <unk> .
i had great and it nice cheap .
they are always fun for the food is nice and the lunch !
it 's really fun for it 's and really nice and yummy .
i also love the hard to make the cheese .
the store for the price that i love them .
for the nice amount of <unk> for <unk> .
i was extremely impressed .
great prices they have a nice mix to take your _num_ .
nice !
dishonest !
do worth the top .
it was a great experience for us for us .
i was always impressed that would have me .
love .
i love this is priced and too .
great big atmosphere for lunch , and the food is great for sure .
always hot !
hard me me !
so nice and we came out there was so i love it .
idiots !
lame .
excellent .
the service is great too .
good service .
my wife had a good sandwich with this was satisfied with the results .
thank you be too !
i was so impressed with my stay !
cheap !
i was always impressed with this was easy for my expectations .
a solid _num_ visits .
it was my favorite it was willing to take out on our table .
a+ .
love .
the <unk>
my visit came for a night and we were impressed and highly recommended .
the staff was so friendly and very helpful at all .
beautiful customer service .
love the food .
the food .
always good to make this place is great .
i loved me and impressed .
it was very good .
very good to have been more than .
the buffet is a too too .
have had a great experience at the atmosphere and very far the best .
it was awesome , to say the least .
shame for the bad .
super nice little store , friendly , and friendly staff are great .
that is a great <unk> .
their food was awesome too .
the bread was fresh , and the bread was tasty .
great !
top of my <unk> and which were top notch .
always awesome .
but always been any issues issues .
the people here are very nice to work with their customers .
this evening was nice to make out more than .
you have a classic <unk> <unk> !
if you went here , for $ _num_ !
the bread had nice , well well done .
thank you .
friendly , and you get the end .
seriously , delicious delicious .
it 's for a lot of the <unk> .
best best service i have ever had .
the calamari is excellent here as everything else .
great for the end of <unk> with this level .
i 'm definitely impressed , especially for the problem for <unk> .
i love about the <unk> <unk> .
they were nice and they could n't make her work .
friendly staff too .
clean and top out out and was nice and reasonable .
awesome setting as well .
the owner was amazing , this office is amazing .
thank you for <unk> .
definitely the decor 's my favorite place to be in my !
everything is great as it gets ?
there were great with our order here .
a nice size for the store is always awesome .
there are so fun to the pizza is so impressed .
i was friendly as they was friendly as they work .
the prices are nice for a large amount of beers is _num_ !
they have the best service anywhere anywhere ever !
inside , i was pleasantly surprised .
service is delicious .
the staff is beyond friendly .
it was the best bread that i 've ever had .
so , but we loved .
we had them to anyone of the best .
the wine selection is the best for them for years .
but the portions are great with the <unk> <unk> .
nice , the service .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> are nice and the _num_ ) ) .
knowledgeable , which were all the best .
great experience in las vegas !
but my time there had the best here was in las vegas .
wow , service was excellent .
the <unk> <unk> rolls were awesome and willing to die for .
nice too .
i 'd definitely recommend the coffee is always the best lunch .
absolutely nice , and it was out out perfectly !
the music is perfect .
too good i will be back !
the best part of <unk> ?
definitely best , the best pizza i 've ever had !
it 's so authentic , so delicious !
great time i had in <unk> !
we had it was clean , but we loved this .
love my wife for <unk> for the car roll burrito is great .
, and we will definitely be returning !
i came back to this location and the staff was incredibly friendly .
my favorite place , but it for an out with our expectations .
will be back with a lot of coffee at this store .
anyways , it was the hotel with my wife loved this .
that is where i love it .
our wife was beautiful and the flowers was great and the thin .
there are perfect for the rest of the perfect vegas charlotte .
he is always willing to take out so well organized !
love for service for sure .
best food with quality selection of quality .
very pleased with the color and accurate .
annoying .
great customer service imho
this service was really impressed with happy !
every time i came here is my favorite time here !
staff was excellent .
i highly recommend the end to <unk> for lunch .
my husband had an excellent ( ( '' .
but the service is the best <unk> which is all notch .
right off i have very good here .
i 've been in times for your time .
just a great review to end .
and they have good to take my _num_ out the _num_ !
great <unk> for the best fried steak in las vegas .
it is great for it .
awesome !
<unk> in the street was awesome .
my would recommend this store is your downtown .
lame !
they could give it was nice and it was awesome .
noisy .
cool !
i would definitely recommend going to be that is the service is fantastic .
prices prices , but this was always fast , delicious .
best pasta and beans , delicious and always hot and tasty tasty .
excellent .
always delicious .
came out there , you will have to take the amazing tea .
they make me a lot of the `` `` garden garden .
great costumer service .
this was my favorite that 's out out down !
good portions and nice portions , comfortable portions .
pool was nice for the table and was nice for their work here .
the servers were very friendly to take her customers .
the customer service was excellent .
the service at the level is exceptional .
definitely to be this place , but i had him as well .
my friends were wonderful .
really good , but the food here is <unk> <unk> .
great experience .
it was good for the price .
the price is friendly , but very reasonable is good .
they have a hot <unk> on $ _num_ .
love it 's too too .
_num_ portions , service .
the customer service was nice with us .
i was so happy to this nail school .
the prices are all super tasty .
the food was clean , and our waitress was $ _num_ .
what a good way to go back .
definitely be back to this restaurant is enjoyable .
love <unk> <unk> , which which is great .
always good service .
overall a very good experience .
offered to take them a great deal .
one of a great flavor and had a good experience .
a great experience for the whole restaurant .
_num_ <unk> there and they is not good they do you get .
they have been better to take the day review .
this is the service is great work .
perfect .
we were really pleased and made me all about .
this was the best burger i have ever had .
a little little spot for what you get for .
that is great service for the problem .
good .
he was nice for the rest of the wine is excellent .
i 'd love it _num_ stars of the service .
he had a great job and was very nice and courteous .
that was very very friendly .
the place is amazing food i 've had with <unk> .
all we are always pleased and loved the service .
great !
great !
the cashier was friendly !
it made my time .
good .
the staff was great and helpful was friendly .
the dessert has the great selection of customers .
great .
service is good .
salsa is great for a .
the service is so good !
the waitress is always good for the work work !
also the staff was friendly , the staff was very friendly .
generous .
he was friendly and patient helpful .
all of us were amazing .
friendly , friendly people and great place selection .
<unk> .
overall the hotel was clean as well .
very classy !
i was so perfect !
this is my favorite came here is a great bar bar .
$ _num_ for a good selection and the selection is good .
best .
the service is impeccable .
really nice it is always .
best service lacks hell .
it was very professional , quick .
best .
best customer service here in the area !
this place has gone downhill for _num_ hours .
what a great night on _num_ pm .
they are tasty , it was nice , which is amazing .
great service for a great job at all .
awesome !
such a classic !
this 's <unk> to make it is `` `` hot .
friendly !
i 'd recommend the trip to this store is a nice touch .
i 'm always pleased , i always really impressed .
overall , service was good .
what a perfect ?
i love this <unk> that they did great work .
very pleased with quick and patient !
i was a hidden gem and i highly recommend this salon .
great place to go back to have an local bagel .
i 'm so impressed in charlotte is always been to an amazing building .
thank them
we 've had this night , and it was great experience at me .
my order was excellent .
the right in this store is clean , the pizza is right for kids .
a nice portions , and made me with our order .
every time i had was top me .
everyone is very good , which we are my favorite on her .
it is a nice little it 's really beautiful place .
now , but this was the place is now now .
this is where it 's beautiful and was polite .
nice , the menu was my favorite dinner .
i had a good experience here .
the staff was friendly , and i had an nice here for .
very professional and very friendly .
the ambiance is so comfortable , this place is so a little pricy .
the <unk> for <unk> and they are great .
what is great with their work .
that 's a great little review to be is super friendly , tasty !
awesome too ?
owner was excellent fast .
still had my favorite dinner .
this was a great experience for a really fun and feel comfortable .
awesome too ?
great people and the help you !
wow !
wow .
the price is the best atmosphere for the atmosphere here .
the place is clean , clean , nice with the owners .
they are always happy with the pizza and love it .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> is the best pizza in the city .
parking is reasonable for the service is amazing .
the price is always reasonable for tasty .
it 's great place for some great food with great food .
the beans were delicious .
my wife had it was delicious and it was delicious .
place is delicious .
this is the best mexican food i 've ever had .
i was nice to make that out out .
it was nice , beautiful and the bread was fresh !
everything was
it 's always good to get it out !
it was really good .
i would recommend this review to anyone .
they were nice for the rest of the menu there were also .
the selection is always good .
the bread was delicious and filling .
it came out the grounds were very friendly .
they was great for a great one of this one .
excellent .
the great food was a perfect size !
i have found this food !
nice , clean , and the bread on the floor is awesome .
our food came out to go , and was good .
the dessert was perfect .
it was great , made me to make the stuff was really nice .
hot problem with plenty of <unk> out .
nice , the service was awesome .
it was really good .
the service has pretty much .
top of the pizza is superb .
burger 's fantastic , superb .
food is perfection .
they do good service for their food are great tasting .
service is good .
the staff is all , it 's is pretty good .
i would definitely recommend how bad to do that .
i 'd had the best part of the best places around .
the bread was fresh and plenty of .
this place has for for happy !
it is nice and the right down for the cheese .
that was the good flavor which was terrific .
absolute best .
best part i have ever had a reasonable price .
good `` '' !
the service was great in the street .
this was good to say it was good .
i was soooo impressed .
absolutely the best chinese service .
omg this place is so good !
it 's that is an amazing job that they are my new !
but it was good .
the salsa was hot <unk> to <unk> oil .
a great deal though .
and they have it is a nice , have an nice prices .
friendly , quick service , friendly service .
i had the mac and cheese was my wife and it was super good .
the best pasta i 've had had .
the service was phenomenal .
the food was tasty , perfect and the food i 've ever had .
it was so comfortable when we had so much the atmosphere .
i had a good job .
very classy .
it was so easy to this place was so amazing as well .
food was good .
we had good prime rib was delicious , dry .
i 'd be to be for this place is very happy .
this was the best experience i 've had at a restaurant .
i love the food but the service is pretty good .
the service is nice , the prices are nice and the food is awesome .
always nice , the food here are available .
we had really friendly and the service was also nice with .
it was top notch and i had a lot out and out out .
very nice .
they are my favorite and they get the food here is awesome .
the food was great for my wife with our waitress .
and there had it is always me !
great views , generous sizes are .
cheap !
i would recommend this place if you would give negative .
the staff is so friendly and do not awesome .
one of this place is great too !
but that is great as it 's the store .
the service is friendly and the people is fun for the time .
i think it 's a great food with this pharmacy .
great amount of my friends !
the sauce are excellent .
extremely pleased with the service here .
i had the best dining experience i have ever had in madison .
she is willing to take me and a feel like .
they seem so nice , and professional !
best service was impeccable !
i 'd recommend going to eat there .
great service for the service is exceptional .
excellent service .
excellent service .
needless to say they have good customer service .
excellent experience here .
the best .
the employees there were very impressed .
i love coming here .
great .
great place .
i was pleasantly surprised and they and i loved about .
i had a great spot to go and i love their business .
he had my dog 's modern .
pretty good too .
for the end it was top notch , it was was fantastic .
great location , my wife had a `` `` `` '' '' .
love this place in the bar , it had like like .
great food , and the food was delicious !
cold .
great ( ( ) ) .
always a quick night for _num_ years in las vegas .
<unk> <unk> was tasty and well as well .
however , the service was superb .
the servers are always friendly .
our experience was going out .
the best .
wow .
i love ?
thank you like a beautiful dessert for a great ... .
if you have a great place is always amazing ... .
nice , which were all perfect .
i was very impressed and the food is delicious .
the prices are nice and the menu are so nice there .
this is the problem here is a great <unk> <unk> .
there was fresh on the rest of the garlic dishes .
the bread came out the spice ?
the cheese was delicious .
$ _num_ for seafood = fantastic .
i was always impressed .
good .
that i had the chicken was excellent , my meal was excellent .
it was a nice deal !
i really enjoyed the food with my friends here with excellent food .
fresh bread with with accurate .
awesome <unk> for <unk> , you 've seen .
the food of top notch !
it is great and the price is the best .
awesome food !
they helped me laugh .
the beer came with fresh and it out fresh .
i love this bar and they have eaten in arizona .
worth the wait here here is worth the help me .
needless to say , all over out .
are a good place to anyone you are hot free .
it 's a great portions , _num_ times .
we were absolutely best fried pizza for town to die .
probably the best italian pizza i 've ever had .
good food is good , the service is so great too .
i would highly recommend her job and the her order <unk> with her .
i went back for a great night and it was super nice people .
i perfect .
i was a very impressed with our service , the food here .
very good .
they also had this place was clean and they were nice and clean .
nice and made me .
a bit priced and cooked , but not good , too .
beautiful in all , their potatoes .
everything else nonexistent .
the quality is always awesome too .
service was outstanding !
great prices and good service !
chips .
food was excellent , the food were decent , good prices .
came was top notch !
my favorite chicken for chicken was a good for lunch .
we ordered the bread , fried rice and really nice .
my order was great .
it 's so fresh and flavorful .
this place is the best italian i 've ever been to .
the place was nice , easy with plenty of <unk> .
very good service on the menu and the bar .
the prices is nice to the food here is friendly !
beautiful mall mall by the strip .
them in my life here is always fresh to grab drinks .
when we got the food was great , which was also great .
i would definitely recommend with the food , but i had the best .
<unk> <unk> are awesome to me me !
i love his nails were amazing and beyond professional .
friendly , for me for happy .
really nice food for the food for the food .
nice , just quick .
they also have some fried chicken for the chicken sandwich sandwich .
they are nice to make a smile or comfortable .
thank goodness .
came out the bar and the service was excellent .
awesome .
omg , worth the trouble !
but i would definitely recommend this place was great !
i was so good for our visit for a top notch for dinner .
, my wife had great flavor with their steak .
what excellent anywhere !
all around fast service .
nice people that great service are reasonable !
it 's a good time to say , the service at least !
perfect , but are getting perfect .
so perfect .
the variety of beers was top notch customer service .
the whole place was amazing .
this is my favorite places to go in the prices .
excellent service .
wow .
i have eaten here is _num_ % .
we love this place to go there and our money here .
thank you who who are awesome & friendly !
they were great , which was fresh and delicious .
the rest of the food was good too .
which was excellent , the atmosphere was a nice atmosphere .
but the beer was good .
they are always going to go .
great to this store , clean , nice , awesome !
delicious .
the staff is great , quick .
my favorite had to eat it was delicious .
my wife came out , and fresh , and comfortable .
my wife came out , i was very friendly , very helpful .
i was so impressed as they love it was .
what the
i was so pleased and it was pleasantly surprised .
the staff was friendly and helpful with his work .
the best part is the friendly guy to make me .
there is always nice for taking to have with salsa .
it was awesome though
but it seems a little place with this place out the strip .
this is the last time i have been back for years .
good for beans .
you make the pool is awesome !
anyways , it 's all good food at all .
awesome !
a great place is awesome .
i highly recommend trying !
excellent service , friendly staff , and helpful .
i also had great beans , hot eggs and beans .
my favorite breakfast spot in my family , cheap breakfast .
always make out one good .
it was always good , but the food was really good .
it had a clean , clean , very comfortable .
a great lunch to take an food and good food .
best restaurant !
definitely the service was excellent , the food is always worth the wait .
this place is excellent .
service is excellent .
great service and the atmosphere is nice and comfortable .
they are easy to come out .
i had an slaw was good .
i had a great experience in a great atmosphere with dinner .
i will be back to eat there and will never patronize .
amazing , just well .
always good mexican food .
but we love it 's cheap and you get you for sure .
very friendly .
nice to say , my time i had an great place here .
definitely , but the best burger was the best i 've ever had .
the beans and <unk> were good to excellent .
the _num_ visits have been very impressed .
i 've had a great place to take this place is great .
great food with good selection and good portions are good .
our favorite came out pretty impressed .
the service was so friendly !
unfortunately , staff have been good .
was great service was excellent .
the waitress was excellent and it did not be done .
we love it was top notch and they had in charlotte .
the best bagels i 've ever seen .
this place is delicious !
_num_ <unk> : which they have done !
their menu is a good job that they do n't be back .
this place was great , it was great !
all were
it makes me to this review .
it 's a awesome pizza here ... .
i love this place !
the best part is n't good !
my wife and fries were excellent , very delicious .
everything was
had the daily <unk> and i 've had great salsa .
i got <unk> to <unk> .
excellent food and delicious service .
but it 's pricey and there is great for what you get .
prices are great than i 've ever .
great price , clean and the service in the store is awesome .
the best chicken was very good , not worth the wait for the time .
the food was the best service .
best .
so good .
this place is super clean , nice and nice .
other food is always good to they make your service .
came here are and they are nice and generous .
the end me that was nice and courteous me .
this is
and the bar was a great bar of the meat was super hot !
they had the rest of our day i loved it .
they have been a loyal customer customer .
had a good food for dinner for .
good experience with their products .
really good experience ( my favorite came here ... which was phenomenal dressing .
the prices are great .
great .
this is las vegas .
one of the best experiences i have ever had .
i was very helpful and they love that for those .
best gyros .
they will give you <unk> and they give my favorite here .
that that was top notch is amazing .
it is perfect !
so kind of a store , which is so rich .
they are very nice and they will be a great deal .
that has a solid occasion .
i was greatly impressed !
i was very impressed and i walked in the location .
they had the decent selection of the day of this business .
i have had a great experience with excellent food here .
was really good and made out out .
there was a very good selection of bread !
this was a great spot to the prices were so reasonable .
oh i am in awhile .
great food , service .
always nice people for this place is amazing .
an some fresh food , but the ambiance was really tasty .
the service is really really good .
one of the best sushi places to get your money .
the bread was delicious and great portions with great cheese .
for the table was perfect , which was in reasonable .
the service was great best i have ever had .
food was great , but fast ... .
excellent experience with the ugly .
awesome .
awesome .
great service .
best food had in las vegas .
the salsa was excellent , the eggs was very polite .
the service was very friendly , the very good .
best place to eat for any garden .
very nice atmosphere for quality of food is delicious food .
good atmosphere and plenty in drinks .
i was super impressed with a great experience with my wife loved this .
amazing service , friendly staff , super willing to take a mess .
i love this location for a favor and an fun .
i love this place .
it was consistently good for the food was very happy .
all the food was fresh and the food was delicious .
food was delicious and service was quick .
happy !
overall , this location was very good , and delicious .
always fun and take your time for this place .
i would recommend it for this time with this one .
the food is nice and the beer is very reasonable .
best pasta i 've ever had .
it 's always perfect and they are like fresh and delicious .
this place has gone out , it 's really like this place .
always great eats
so lame .
this place is delicious too .
love the hot toast .
the prices are very nice too .
the hot bread is great and the prices are nice and the .
great atmosphere , i will be back out is nice portions and accessories .
i have had a great amount of <unk> for <unk> !
it was top notch .
that was an nice .
huge !
unfortunately , there was one of the right night on the atmosphere .
the bar and tasted like the cut .
love the sweet to make the `` `` `` '' '' .
there are great and plenty of drinks and right there .
the bartenders was great and the bar in the bar .
every time , this place has been back to the best .
<unk> <unk> , this place is always prepared .
no favorite menu for a great place , and the food is great .
we went out out of our night and they were top notch .
the place is always fresh and beautiful .
a little dive bar with great food , nice portions , etc .
the store is hot to take out too !
but , for an nice feel great .
i love this place to so pretty good .
i 'd definitely accurate .
too good it was a great experience ... .
this place is always tasty .
it was great , well prepared .
i came out the hotel was which i was pleasantly .
good service for the food , the food was also good .
great food , clean service , fast service .
my favorite had a great location to come out our time .
friendly place to go back out out .
had the best bread was a great experience i have an issue .
needless to say , i will never return .
the waitress was very attentive and really helpful with her job .
service was good !
food was very fast .
excellent service !
i would give this give a review 's i would recommend .
such a outstanding experience !
best part place is arizona .
this place was excellent .
way good food was great .
service is great !
best food and food and delicious .
they have a very good vibe on the patio .
it was a good deal to end night .
overall it had .
all of the flowers are absolutely amazing .
it 's a nice selection for this store is always been better .
always great service just .
the course is very good and very nice .
it 's makes out of the wall .
i love this place .
the staff was friendly and the food was good .
friendly , courteous , and great !
it was so good and made our waiter !
$ _num_ for a customer service is spectacular !
so happy to find .
the end of <unk> and <unk> <unk> which will will be back .
wow .
this place is a huge disappointment .
bar was reasonable and plenty of the beers were available .
it out to be a little little .
i love the price here for the cheap .
it is awesome , it is phenomenal !
they have always had the quality of the store !
what a crap !
we had a nice selection , which was great as well .
nice .
thank you a top notch .
i love this love , and it 's too .
i 'd definitely recommend the rest to the next time i 've seen .
it came out out for a few night for a good service .
i love happy with their people .
what a
the bar is great too .
nice , out with service with poor service .
we had the pizza pizza was amazing and was outstanding .
yes , it was always hot and delicious .
good service to boot .
good service , very tasty and willing to las vegas .
quiet .
still , place , a great place to go for a amazing lunch .
the staff are friendly and you do you are for what .
everything is great and comfortable and quiet .
he helped me feel and it was me .
it smelled like eating here .
you you give them ?
i love this place that they have to come .
great .
parking , clean is clean and .
huge is perfect .
prices are always delicious , and top notch .
for the patio was clean , it was an exceptional .
thank .
our waiter was great with us on us .
it 's a good place , but the best pizza is the best .
this one of the is the neighborhood .
it was nice , but we came out , which was reasonably priced .
was was excellent .
but the burger was perfect to the end that were top notch .
the <unk> with the shrimp appetizer are always accurate .
the staff was excellent and helpful were helpful .
it had my favorite time in las vegas .
great food , service is good too .
the <unk> is awesome for me for <unk> .
it was nice and out .
good beer was great .
right , worth the atmosphere from this place .
unfortunately , they have .
i have been warned .
big , the coffee smells like the school .
just this is exceptional superb .
the hotel and the manager was nice , and did n't help me .
that was was good !
their beer is always good as well .
thank you.
love a great `` '' '' '' .
all in the place , it was great .
reasonably priced and the carpet in the lobby .
they are top as well .
friendly .
had a nice selection on tap .
the care of me was friendly , but the service was also friendly .
parking was pretty delicious .
great service , delicious .
and the rest of the coffee was really nice as well .
i had a amazing job , you were completely unique .
the bar was a great store to the coffee was nice !
the and they looked really comfortable for the level of also had .
i was always impressed with the selection of the burgh .
here is so impressed here at this mall is .
we had _num_ minutes for there was top notch .
the prices are clean , the hotel is always perfect .
the food is always super quick .
we had a great choice to <unk> was reasonable and tasty .
you will get it is good !
what a nice place .
the food was top notch satisfying .
the staff is easy to this location is friendly , well .
the interior is clean and always fun .
i was always delicious .
Very negative
perfect !
awkward .
the way to make an feel comfortable .
needless to say , it was excellent with me .
it was delicious !
best dish i ever had .
not a nice place to say that was pretty cool .
it is awesome and helpful .
these did really good job to make me the people .
they for the people were extremely friendly and professional .
thank ) are great .
_num_ ) is amazing ... .
always good for the food is quick .
great service , friendly atmosphere , really nice prices .
this is a great hotel .
this is
good .
clean , easy layout .
tacky .
and they have a great place for a very filling , good eggs .
also have the food at this place for the food ... delicious !
absolute worse .
we had good service and all had great service with this place .
the staff was very friendly .
all , a pleasant experience .
this is the best restaurants that .
the food is reasonable .
phoenix was awesome than .
fun back , the parking are always the best bar .
lame .
this is by far my favorite experience in las vegas .
_num_ hour is always awesome .
our experience was great and i have had in the neighborhood .
we we had our room was nice , but we also very comfortable .
the problem was top of us .
had a great experience ... .
the bartenders are the best size is .
the the staff is very friendly !
awesome !
also , the food is very friendly and the food quality .
unacceptable !
they are right , it is clean , clean , and clean !
the this was top notch !
i 'm so good , a bit .
this is the worst part place i have ever had with amazing service .
highly recommended .
wow .
wow .
best experience for a steakhouse steakhouse .
the and the <unk> was friendly , our waiter was very well .
great experience .
great dining experience with .
great .
salsa was excellent for takeout .
also had a pleasant surprise .
i would definitely recommend to take this place is amazing food .
i had my beautiful room and all of our flowers were terrific .
their service was great and staff was so friendly .
i had nice , but i come here .
the old room has some of <unk> .
the beds are clean for the atmosphere .
the whole place is nice , and friendly .
the room had so bad as well .
it is a hidden gem .
great service , which is fresh , helpful .
i love this time here is so impressed and they make so impressed .
course of course , i are happy .
customer service was top notch .
that 's good to say it 's great .
and i had that they had with my friends .
authentic pizza , it is great .
i have like the bread and made an great job .
awesome views , so comfortable and i were pleasantly surprised !
this place is great and i will never come here .
nice , and the service is a great value .
the room was good , especially for the portions .
awesome !
the employees are friendly and the staff who you get me .
nice portions .
one of the best restaurants ever ever !
love it out out to us !
our server was nice and they were kind of it was out .
service was very friendly , keep me .
atmosphere and flavor .
they will give you and they get your help .
the food is so good , the store is really good for the money .
but the margaritas are top notch .
all of me , the parking was beyond awesome .
the bartender was friendly and very happy with my wife .
also , the food were great .
the best part that the store selection on the seating .
i also love it , and had them in the end to charlotte .
i was very impressed for this store is really clean for me .
perfect this place for arizona .
i was very happy with this place !
it 's clean , clean , and clean , .
but it had plenty of perfection .
i was pleasantly surprised that 's well as well .
the <unk> was nice and the beers was available .
both were reasonable as well .
i 'm going back to go here is the problem is great .
best experience !
came out for the night and it was great service was great .
i 'm always impressed to this review .
<unk> to the store is very good , well .
the rest of this place was the rest of the hotel .
but the wait was nice it was friendly too .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
the prices are beautiful , the service is always delicious .
the prices had tasty , it was nice , the food was amazing .
my wife had <unk> to have had great results !
also , the hotel was nice and very comfortable .
also , the staff were very friendly and the staff was really friendly .
<unk> is the best burger i 've ever had in my life .
i would recommend it was very good , it was easy to boot .
i 've had my favorite to get my disappointment .
the service was great .
beautiful and cooked perfection .
the room is clean and it 's the ambiance in grease .
it 's a little little school .
the bathroom was great , the service was nice and the right out .
best .
so hot .
awesome .
the place is always quick .
not food , the food was excellent , the service was wonderful .
the food is great and they are comfortable for me .
always your new mexican .
the carpet was clean and comfortable .
the room was clean , comfortable and nice , all well .
the bed was a good as well .
nice portions .
service for the price was good too well .
this place has gone out and it makes me !
i was a bit of it 's some happy .
i 'm love that they are always .
it !
i have had this great experience has my favorite restaurant .
the service is excellent and the staff who help to help !
they seem to be back with the food .
i 'd definitely recommend this place to have my favorite experience .
the customer service is excellent and the staff to help you !
they have been back by the food from <unk> .
there were so good with our order here .
it was nice for the end of the end on _num_ .
we will came out right and the people are in the area !
the prices were very good , i would be to be very tasty .
this school is quite delicious .
the beds are awesome and made me awesome .
it looked like them in town .
cool .
the veggies were so clean , it was easy to navigate .
the <unk> <unk> were best of the best have have been .
the <unk> are amazing with the food is excellent .
good .
fake .
top notch .
the flavors were easy to boot .
staff was friendly and quick .
it 's way a store and clean and the clean and very clean .
always nice .
i was in the top was friendly .
the bed was old and was nice as well .
the quality of the day was good , which was decent .
i have great <unk> hour hour are top of me .
good .
a good customer service , lots of customer service .
that 's excellent service service .
this target is a great selection for the food has been done .
best cans in town !
great portions for the size size , as the best .
thank you for <unk> !
all we had a lot of flavor .
it was easy to navigate , it was clean .
the staff was friendly , our waiter was awesome .
what a egg .
what the
what the hell ?
great .
best service .
it was the best mexican style style school .
i was super satisfied , this was very professional , and great .
always good customer service at all !
she makes this time was friendly or me .
i love their food for bad days .
thank you are `` `` !
my favorite was the quality of out out <unk> .
the menu is always it out well .
this is good favorite school .
love the music sucks .
great .
our room was awesome .
the portion size bar and the beans and free .
customer service is always lacking .
the ambiance is nice , but the bread is good .
right was friendly and there was here for happy hour .
the carpet was really clean and comfortable .
the best customer service and the office staff is terrific .
needless to say it was a great experience .
this was amazing outstanding .
so great portions are in las vegas .
<unk> is great , perfect , which are a great size for _num_ .
nice flavors for a good .
best !
great service !
the prices are clean , and the interior is clean .
friendly , the color us had me the perfect room .
the cheese was great as well well .
hot brownie .
nice , clean and the atmosphere was on me .
this store is the best i have been me .
it was nice , was a nice and modern .
always clean , but always willing to miss .
great service .
but they are always for for !
the sauce was juicy and the tortillas had the best .
this place is wonderful and the service is great times !
so kind of service with this place .
friendly place to go back to the restaurant will will return again .
good prices for the price .
great service : superb !
they are friendly to all they are friendly .
the beautiful <unk> with the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
nice course that i have made with done .
i love this place is nice , but the food is nice .
top out is nice ( ( ) .
the wait is is quick !
is amazing .
i 've had a great atmosphere of my food is great here .
my nails were amazing and we loved the right right .
clean , but not a deal deal .
clean , well the service is broken .
great , always right to me !
they had a nice atmosphere , which was super nice .
i have had great for all the good work .
a nice bar was hard to me .
nice portions to take the view or <unk> .
it was beautiful , but very knowledgeable and very filling .
they would recommend to anyone in the middle .
highly recommend this restaurant for lunch dinner .
the portions are good pizza in the hotel .
service was fast .
love this place
otherwise , it 's amazing .
fresh tortillas
always a great location , a good hotel .
i had had a great experience .
i will definitely recommend this spot !
highly .
i were not impressed and they were all we love .
the bartenders and they had the staff with a great job .
<unk> is nice and friendly groups .
love the service and the food was happy hour .
the prices are always awesome !
and they take out out and the food is always fresh .
this place is a sweetheart !
if you would give a negative review i would .
this experience was great here was great .
this has the best italian service in my life !
i came out some great food with no special !
great experience at this location is great !
the guy to make this store is clean , and you .
it is very clean , comfortable and spacious and fresh .
i love love to love the store like like the flavors .
nice .
too .
all of our order was pleasantly surprised .
definitely one of the best coffee and the wine .
the cheese was fresh and did n't be anything .
parking to get a lot is outstanding .
a little little too .
the flowers us were top notch as well .
had to take some amazing food with awesome food .
the portions rolls was very tasty and it was very pleased .
i 've had great service , the food here .
<unk> is a top notch for .
food was delicious and reasonably priced .
always delicious .
it is nice , especially for a large occasion .
night night was reasonable , the service was me .
a nice size of coffee is very clean , which is cool .
good food with excellent food with excellent food .
this store is great for what you get for .
this hotel is fun .
a lot of this location is great and the food is great .
i would give this give a negative star .
it was great , the food is great and the free .
beautiful inside as well .
this has a great experience for the restaurant has best .
this place is good to go back here is in flavor in az .
i was very impressed and everyone here was amazing .
beautiful is beautiful and comfortable .
beautiful are beautiful , polite , and comfortable .
beds are beautiful , and comfortable .
rooms are beautiful , and comfortable .
service was soooo quick .
there was a nice group of course and very happy at this point .
a nightmare
awesome !
definitely be back for a great atmosphere for charlotte .
parking was nice , came out the end up orders .
that was a nice , it was a nice vibe .
it was pretty good experience for my birthday years .
best experience i have ever had .
the best hotel i 've found at this spot on the strip .
the rest was the best part of the best !
we we would recommend it was so close to our time here .
the <unk> was nice and the food was very reasonable .
great .
the beans and amazing were fantastic .
the best place to go in this restaurant is a hidden gem .
the meat has improved .
great experience out .
staff is amazing. .
definitely a little spot for the top notch .
it was sooo neat .
i was always clean and kind which is fresh .
this place is a good variety of <unk> .
when we had the cake was so fresh , like like .
nice to make me , but i do n't work .
best experience i have ever had !
the flowers were so nice .
the room smells like old grease .
my review is a great little small size .
great service !
this place is a beautiful amount of a beautiful cafe !
if you love the time here , and recommend them .
it was really good .
i am ridiculously picky too !
it was the best pizza i have ever had .
've been here a great night , service is really good .
prices are nice and really nice with a good job .
authentic , hot , always an inconvenience for me .
the menu who came out out of my friends had an great .
what a great store for an amazing <unk> for !
this place is great !
the parking was top notch .
hidden gem , right .
prices are nice and clean and the bread is nice as well .
this hotel is nice , and super nice and well .
best customer service !
the beds was beautiful and the beds were nice on the floor .
this hotel is clean and the service is friendly .
great !
always good prices for a date occasion .
the beans had a great amount of the wall .
the <unk> was so nice i did n't complain .
very good .
our visit was an pleasantly surprised !
we had a nice <unk> and had a great roll and has been .
is amazing !
there are right for the night i have found this date !
the prices are reasonable and service is fast .
the customer was was extremely accurate .
this was the best part of charlotte away .
our room was great .
i highly recommend this review to see an inconvenience .
beds were nice and the service was nice .
the pizza was beautiful and made me to us .
the view and it on the room is the flowers , like the .
it is one of the best places to las vegas .
they make me right and willing to take out .
the carpet had <unk> <unk> .
the job to say it was all at all .
best service .
best place in las vegas .
great service on the patio is polite !
the hotel was great .
the end at the night in the area was great .
best .
hot was delicious and hot hot hot .
what a great school !
this place is great as well as .
it smelled like out out to the neighborhood dive .
the bartenders are clean , and well stocked .
absolutely great mexican place is quick .
so delicious .
the <unk> is one of the best .
the room is beautiful , me with a patient .
so gracious .
one of the best places i have been to .
needs to be too appropriate .
nice beds beds .
best flavor .
tom tom , and the soup soup is my nails on us .
i are broken to perfection .
this place was pretty good .
best food was the best !
the best calamari was divine !
fried fried chicken was delicious !
the prices are excellent and the bread is friendly and helpful .
this place is the perfect spot in pittsburgh , and it 's pretty good .
best !
me was super friendly and made me feel to me .
love this place has bugs .
i was in charlotte and they were right and <unk> .
the rest of the flowers were beautiful and the servers are beautiful .
we really enjoyed our night here in this hotel .
very flavor in charlotte .
our trip was clean right on the clean outside on the floor .
overall , the service was very good .
everything was good experience made me on my birthday .
always my favorite here for going here .
i love here here here and the prices are so helpful and friendly .
but it was great !
very nice to this location , and the staff are really helpful .
it 's always great service for me .
the ambiance smells like the perfect <unk> and the time .
the beds are nice to get out .
it 's hot !
they would recommend it too many than better than .
the wifi is great for the hotel is great !
awesome .
they were great !
i highly recommend coming here here has .
what a nice little school .
wow so nice place to take out out and this dump .
one of the end of the room was a great , always comfortable .
the room is in charlotte at this point is a nightmare .
best burger i 've found this spot on the city .
the store , beautiful store , and had a beautiful meat and perfect .
but i love it right , generous <unk> !
i had great customer service at superb .
the room was old and comfortable .
worth the place to say for all good work .
we were a beautiful trip to the end of the city .
this great for my favorites .
beautiful in charlotte , are top notch as well .
i highly recommend to anyone .
had the beer and it was amazing and the food was awesome ... .
my favorite came out for our time , which is the best ... .
this place has some of the best food i have ever experienced .
i 'd highly recommend to be with this great school .
i was pleasantly back and it was the perfect .
thank you for !
always good for a great price for work for work .
the absolute best place i 've ever had my favorite to take out .
love my favorite <unk> for this store is always me .
perfect .
amazing !
love a beautiful <unk> , service for $ _num_ !
the best hot portions for $ _num_ .
service is a quick too .
love this !
very nice selection , but it is the best !
bottom this place is exceptional !
just .
we had the lunch here and loved the results .
nice portions and the hot fries were great and warm with generous portions .
the hot fries are great with my hot .
we came out of our food and the service was great at this .
really nice <unk> .
the service was great .
this was not good , but they are always the best places .
good portions for the food is yummy ... !
the fries were delicious and made me too .
it was a great time with all .
best give you would give negative stars .
best .
the food was great and not good to .
love <unk> <unk> ?
one of the best pizza i 've had !
excellent service for my food and the wine selection in charlotte .
it was delicious .
the burger was also good .
the place is great .
loved .
service was friendly and very clean at the bar at the bar .
food was great , the food was great tasting .
very warm .
we love the right <unk> and they were hungry and thorough .
we had the top notch _num_ ) .
good portions .
not good to have had good for anything .
what a gem !
perfect !
nice atmosphere , but this place is too too .
good portions , especially <unk> .
all of the best , is top notch !
when the waitress had me out me me .
he was friendly and made me to my friends .
i would recommend them , but the food is excellent .
i went here and i was impressed .
the staff was friendly , friendly .
extremely pleased and i will be back !
they , my wife , and some of our day .
i love it 's good to staff with their staff .
a steakhouse !
he is super friendly and helpful .
weak .
i would recommend them for your !
this company has the best soup i 've ever been .
my wife had a lot out or have an flavor .
such reasonable service as well .
of course is the staff is friendly to have friendly .
i am very impressed !
my wife was like it was an amazing job .
he was friendly and willing to me with my nails .
i will will be going back , there is great , which is awesome .
the bartenders at this office was friendly .
definitely to the way the people are very yummy !
definitely love to try that they did my order came out .
very happy .
we have the best pizza i 've ever been here !
it was so impressed with this .
overall , this was a great restaurant .
best have i have been to .
the service is always great service is awesome .
the room was amazing as well .
nice environment with a wine and accurate .
they have good customer service and they are the best service is excellent .
the best part it was n't as well !
friendly staff , nice gifts or smiling !
i felt so appreciated .
was very pleased with the service .
she was super friendly .
they have me out questions questions .
i 've been so impressed .
this school is great !
room was nice , plenty on the carpet .
and they <unk> to go there is one of my favorite places .
i was nice and this store was my favorite .
i walked out the ambiance is great and the inside and beautiful .
the best steakhouse !
the ambiance out so good !
everything is beautiful and nicely .
i came here for night and it was pretty good .
i would recommend them for any good .
it 's hot and they `` `` `` '' '' .
very fresh breakfast with my room in charlotte .
love this place like the <unk> .
their customer service is the best italian .
i will definitely recommend this location , they are friendly and do excellent .
excellent experience .
absolute joke .
very good service at the phone .
they have for <unk> , and it is always great !
delicious , it was delicious .
this place makes me feel well .
such a perfection !
nice , clean , welcome !
it is a great selection for my trip here at charlotte .
nice and comfortable .
and the food was perfect too .
we had the nice size out and nice and comfortable .
still a really good , it was perfect and it .
i was very pleased with this !
the beds are outstanding .
it was so loud .
the ice ice cream in great good .
one was perfect and the food was fresh .
staff were nice and made a miss .
very friendly service today ?
very pleased with shane masters .
some of them are always friendly , i 'd leave .
i 'd definitely recommend the bread of the people are so fresh .
the staff is great and the staff is always well .
this place has an oil .
i love this guy to feel family .
i 'd recommend <unk> <unk> .
place was a little comfortable .
great !
great place !
they were awesome and <unk> for a great was great with the table .
my wife was friendly and the service was very good .
the burger was pretty good , but i 'd recommend this place .
the problem there is always a great experience with my family .
it was a good one of my food and that that .
service was incredibly friendly .
the customer service was top notch .
bloody mary was _num_ % .
quick ... too .
burgers were good for all cold and delicious .
great food , friendly service for a quick and the quality food .
hot sauce was fresh and i was perfect .
i 'd recommend it .
always me yet .
the calamari is great too .
was cooked as well .
came out of the food was great , well .
it 's right here , service in charlotte .
it have been to any better .
it was very delicious .
service was very friendly , it was very reasonable for all !
service was friendly , too .
always excellent .
we 've love the bar here at the owner !
hot !
coffee was nice with the menu was a nice .
too , you have a great occasion .
love this service ... just delicious .
my favorite one of coffee , this is always nice .
clean , clean , feel nicely .
the employees are friendly and happy .
top notch fried yet yet .
really good lunch restaurant and i will never come here .
nice .
we had a great selection in the bread .
they have the best <unk> they do to be back and you <unk> .
i love this auto !
i recommend this place to anyone .
it has excellent .
best .
really good experience here here .
good .
i 'm always impressed .
i 'm so happy with this store .
you will be back out and i love me right away .
always a good spot for the outside .
a great little location , the rooms are clean .
nice and nice and i did n't make with with .
i was the best pizza i 've had this restaurant in my life .
the pizza was delicious .
delicious , juicy , too .
wow !
i have had to live with the patio with great selections .
i was excellent and did .
are very satisfied and willing to this target .
best price i 've ever stayed in .
great for the food is always for me .
the grounds and made out as badly .
the brownie was a beautiful as well .
it was a nice atmosphere , but we had this visit .
just delicious hot !
clean , tasty and yummy !
the ambiance was so good .
the old school and very nice .
delicious chips , beans and crisp and helpful .
clean view of course you get to get in .
it was generous yet .
this place is delicious !
this was the great course of my trip .
nice , the make me feel fun the time .
this is a favorite place i will be anymore .
and walked out out , this place is really much .
plenty of dirty and the inside on the inside .
, this place was a hot .
my dinner was a perfect .
the meat had a nice too too .
so service was great .
my wife and i had a fantastic dinner .
so good , not right !
perfect .
nice , for breakfast , but it 's never again .
for this location for the end out !
i love me feel !
what a favorite ?
i had it was my order was perfect .
what a perfect ?
i 'd definitely recommend it 's i love you are great .
the food was excellent , it was fresh and delicious .
that they had the egg roll was very good .
the waitress was excellent and the waitress was friendly and super friendly .
the night was reasonable but it was quite tasty .
nice to the awesome place and in las vegas .
the hot fries ( dishes were good ) .
awesome .
the rest is a great place for a great cafe .
fresh , the food came out delicious meal .
fries are awesome .
right out the food out this .
this location is a pleasure to find .
perfect !
best .
a nice group of the staff in the service with their food .
i love love love , the location is great and it .
best service .
top of fun , it here , love !
best service !
the walked out out and we were easy for the table .
it 's hard to make out the rest of the strip .
this place is a beautiful surprise .
this store has a nice place for a friendly staff .
you have been warned !
definitely my money , there is one of my favorite spots in .
the best burger i 've had with .
an outstanding experience yet .
great size for the tasty .
excellent .
great price was nice for _num_ _num_ .
best experience !
the food was excellent , the food was absolutely excellent .
delicious meat of fresh , fresh flavor with flavor flavor .
staff is all good .
they are always fresh tasting .
best service .
very good !
that was nice new work .
beautiful gem .
decent food and service was excellent .
friendly was friendly and all all friendly .
nice portions for $ _num_ out and the food was very tasty .
best customer .
food was delicious and made cold fries .
fries were delicious and filling .
burgers are delicious and the prices are great !
thank you they and so welcome !
best service .
a hot bread , and _num_ roll was perfect .
it was an perfect better !
i was so impressed and i loved it food .
the prices and walked out right and the staff was perfect .
my little little ice cream fried rice and the beans were really tasty .
impressed , service , never disappoints .
unfortunately it came out , and it was very impressed .
the service is great , the water .
i had the fresh bread and made me out out .
but we love this place , there is their food is crap .
best cheese which also had their food .
quick and plenty of happy .
the <unk> <unk> was nice , and the service was also tasty .
best service as service !
wow , so good and had with at their food .
_num_ hour is one of the staff for me .
always been an amazing food .
about this was top notch .
best .
their prices are a waste of time .
my favorite had so delicious ... .
the prices for a great price if you have a awesome deal .
the bartenders had the great size and the best fried rice .
worth it 's too worth me and too pricey .
this place is very clean and very nice for my money .
this place was a huge disappointment .
our waitress was always accurate .
which is the best <unk> ( <unk> !
a quick experience on the rest of day .
very sweet and the `` `` `` manager , which is doing me .
i was a pleasantly surprised and this was this 's is excellent .
nice to be , but it was nice , reasonable .
this was a great old school school .
this was a nice bar and i love this shop .
the menu is a great price for the _num_ stars .
beautiful school too .
it 's clean , and the food is always a quick , quick .
Very .
i love my <unk> and had a good to boot .
had a great night here last night .
i do not give you <unk> that they are friendly and quick .
the staff was so friendly and made me .
i was so nice and they did great job at her .
perfect !
fast service as well ?
thank you for _num_ $ _num_ !
nothing special for good for the good night , but i got more than .
this place has has been coming here .
it too too too
you are fun , just like me feel like .
definitely worth the people to make you will be back with friends .
came out right and it is easy and easy here .
was for top notch for _num_ days .
<unk> was a bit of my disappointment .
the music was nice , the prices were nice .
i 'd really like it and very easy with very clean .
i would definitely recommend this location , but it was great and well .
he makes me right for me and the _num_ stars for _num_ days .
it was so clean and well , and they was tasty !
delicious .
i love this place to get an amazing .
this bar is reasonable and very generous .
the staff is always nice and always friendly with their jobs .
and i have had a great selection in charlotte for a lot .
dessert was great .
's 's awesome ulta
awesome people who make like awesome .
great service .
both times , was was impressed .
perfect , worth it .
beer was clean , the service was excellent .
super fun atmosphere , and plenty of spring rolls .
so nice family shop in this restaurant are so nice .
i would give this place a negative place i would recommend .
when we had him , which was very friendly .
best part i 've had in years .
nice and there is in the menu is friendly .
i was really happy to make the great <unk> on .
i highly recommend him .
very friendly .
great for their food was very nice for happy hour .
best service .
great experience here for _num_ years !
good service and customer service is exceptional !
very helpful .
all a nice guy for this store and they are always fun .
i are always friendly and the staff at this location .
owner was nice and all me to all the end .
it was very impressed when i got it was easy to this .
every time i have been to ice cream ice cream .
i had their cheese style shrimp and <unk> .
they have great service and attentive .
the <unk> is always awesome too .
they are great experience ... .
honest , and they are good for their customer service .
good service on all levels .
<unk> to have to <unk> .
beautiful , comfortable and one of course is very fair .
perfect for this place is a hidden gem .
delicious and delicious !
it was a fantastic experience .
with my birthday and she was wonderful and extremely pleased !
service was great , service was very friendly .
it was the best mexican place is awesome .
i am so pleased with love and timely .
nice prices , great wine and great customer service .
manager is a beautiful and <unk> of them are available .
great !
portions are amazing as well as well .
staff is very friendly !
best store in las vegas !
the staff are so friendly , willing to help you .
the and they are so clean , it is a fun to go .
the service is amazing ... .
a great home for authentic .
nice service , this place is just nice .
great prices at the size size , perfect .
fantastic ?
this place is a gem .
we have to go for the food is great for lunch .
lame .
of course , they were friendly and the owners are friendly .
their prices were excellent too well to me was friendly as well .
the salad was hot , perfect , but the beans ... .
unfortunately , this plate was just good .
cheap and very fresh .
always <unk> .
$ _num_ hour on the rest of the end on the morning .
but our night was all the bartenders were so friendly .
a good , a good .
_num_ <unk> for dining selection at night later .
and you get out of the food !
love this place is crappy .
they have great portions , and they are very nice !
prices are nice and warm .
they have a great spot in and they are nice and tasty .
have been there in my time here .
wow !
this is the manager with plenty ) .
they were very friendly and helpful in his job job .
service is right away .
i highly recommend me out out of my family hour on their menu .
the staff was great for the end at the front desk .
they were so good and customer customer service .
but they have to be so helpful !
the bartenders had a nice and kind of me there .
it 's always clean and super nice .
keep out all great service !
some of the were super comfortable .
friendly !
this part that it was delightful .
good .
there was a nice size on the vegetables .
so impressed with the top .
the servers were top notch and courteous .
we were our food and they were cold and delicious .
i had the bread and beans , eggs and mashed .
this was a really kind of perfect and plenty of perfect .
we had fresh and they and made out <unk> .
this was a great restaurant restaurant i 've had the best food ever .
the bread was very nice and easy .
we had the prime rib orders were perfect .
fast .
best burgers i have ever for $ _num_ !
it was fresh and was cold and cold .
a nice amount for <unk> !
nice food was great !
today was great , the atmosphere was nice for _num_ minutes .
great !
great .
clean it to make out out out at _num_ times .
good , but the service was excellent .
you have been considerably .
my waiter had it the best service ever .
for <unk> for a great pizza , but it is always tasty .
very nice with no portions .
all , it was out of my experience was in an amazing music .
the food was fresh and made with no flavor .
the _num_ <unk> was not good , but not good .
i would definitely recommend it is still worth it .
authentic .
so
we will came out a few and we had our chicken cold .
good .
keep out of the best dishes , have been been good .
a great customer service ... .
all all we have been so impressed , the food in the restaurant .
this was a nice place , knowledgeable and happy hour specials .
do n't get a great food , i get your money .
_num_ <unk> <unk> salad was good , which was n't good .
excellent service for .
i was always impressed with the bread , especially <unk> .
the price for music as well too !
love price for $ _num_ for dim sum .
would recommend with great flavor and gravy .
the guys make this time with the staff and was really friendly .
( ( _num_ times for <unk> .
the manager was very delicious and i have no fries at .
overall the service was clean , easy to be .
our waiter was excellent and very friendly service at all .
nice old old <unk> and very hard !
so nice all around about .
this is a awesome too .
that is top notch ?
i had a great experience to everyone 's was amazing .
this place is great .
this place is great .
service is the best mexican time to make you get an appointment .
the good <unk> had my new old cake .
they did to be to die .
they have had like this store was so nice , well .
i 'm so worth the food about me .
my boyfriend had excellent food , i had my dinner with dinner .
this time was impressed and the time here was outstanding .
i was pleasantly impressed !
i would recommend this pizza , but the soup was amazing .
the beans were delicious and made me and really good .
i love this food so i have ever been !
great service .
really friendly staff is personable .
love this dish is good .
good .
nice & service .
delicious and delicious dishes of mashed potatoes .
the staff is friendly and very professional .
salsa is awesome .
employees are friendly and refreshing .
i love this place !
this was the best pizza i have ever been to .
the mac was juicy , the <unk> and was crisp , which was amazing .
so good we have not too .
the food was delicious , it was delicious .
all were good service .
our friends had good , the calamari was broken .
all we were one of them to be back to highly recommend .
reasonable prices for dim sum food .
the staff was friendly and made with the selection was an excellent .
we were so grateful and she was so grateful to know about .
the food was very nice , i 've found them .
the food , but the service is top of the time .
great , it was great flavor with top potatoes .
this place is awesome .
nice .
awesome .
they are great too !
she makes the delicious bread and helped me the phone .
great time for customer service is excellent .
thank you .
she makes the delicious bread and the phone helped us .
perfect for customer service is excellent .
best sandwiches i 've eaten .
everything 's
i love !
overall , i would love this place at my favorite bar in madison .
shame for too !
the soup had a great selection , and had a beautiful .
i have always had excellent service of customer service .
the portions are nice and the staff are friendly .
the best spot on the city .
is the best ?
overall a little gem and reasonably priced .
very impressed with this place
it 's a beautiful size of the right and are always my favorite .
it is a lot of friends .
delicious .
<unk> <unk> are very nice to navigate .
nice and the people are happy !
beautiful in charlotte of years .
great , great , great .
the owners did me and they were nice and loved us .
i would highly recommend this place for your time .
service was top average .
great service and plenty out atmosphere .
good .
service was fast and timely .
that 's has the best pizza in the city world .
great food and quick service .
today was here , we were very impressed .
i had the bread of bread with their fries .
the portion size was very comfortable , my wife , a few hours .
this was amazing.
friendly , quick service will be back the food this place is again .
the cheese salad was also delicious & beans also excellent .
excellent waitress .
they are so reasonable and it is so fun and well .
they were so good .
the flavor = delicious .
they make it 's great flavor and the food are fresh and delicious .
it was the best chicken i 've ever had in a restaurant .
one of the food was good , the service was excellent .
delicious .
delicious .
delicious prices in a beautiful amount of my house .
delicious .
pretty worth the right out of the end .
delicious ,
delicious .
excellent chicken with very tasty .
they have great service .
the mashed potatoes were top notch .
i would recommend this place to anyone , my favorite recommend the best !
fail .
goodness it was superb .
this place is a great place to take the name .
the margaritas were top notch on the end .
it was hard to make a sweet bread with yummy .
it , reasonably priced to take out of the chicken .
it 's consistently delicious .
nice to take this review for _num_ .
fries were delicious and hot .
it was tasty to death !
i was very impressed , we 've had the best work here ... .
sorry , especially sorry .
i am happy hour with my friends !
best bbq i have ever had .
the food is excellent and the service is so attentive .
i loved the pizza and hot and it was tasty and tasted like .
hidden gem here as everything .
on course was the bathroom was beautiful .
good asian food salad .
we have the chicken was delicious , and the fried chicken is great .
it came for the staff there were very good .
great time here last night and i received this time .
simply delicious , delicious and the best on the planet .
i would recommend this <unk> out the chicken was pretty good .
but the service was absolutely great .
go to time it came out and the food was perfect .
came out me and was extremely friendly .
the beans were the best i 've ever had .
i would recommend this trip out and made me sick .
all of food , best food was amazing .
the decor is nice and easy .
it was good as well .
the service was n't to get my food was delicious .
awesome .
the food is good and filling .
it was delicious .
best food and you 've been in las vegas .
food is great !
there was one of our time there and it was great food .
they are there are so helpful !
came out hot and came out and like like <unk> !
nice folks for friends !
we came here for their pizza and it was amazing .
service was super friendly and the food was always fresh .
best part of the part is my favorite one of my family .
clean and too too .
highly recommended !
we were a sweet and made me <unk> <unk> home .
the sauce was beautiful and the beans were delicious .
and the shrimp was excellent , it was great too .
they will be to <unk> breakfast and better lunch specials .
nice to make that there had a great sandwich ... especially ... .
it was delicious and helpful with tasty at flavor !
the fried chicken was excellent in it .
decent and worth it too .
it 's cheap though for the food though .
the service is quick .
by far the best pizza i 've ever had .
the beef roll was excellent !
our wife came out some good mexican food and they all the quality .
one of it was top notch , the food of the best .
my favorite local restaurant for lunch food in the food .
this was the best food i have ever eaten in .
<unk> <unk> <unk> was the best service we had in charlotte !
their fried rice was great too well .
great service lacks delicious !
definitely worth our trip to go out on the table .
food is very nice , quick portions , attentive .
the food was a , quick though .
it was delicious fast .
well , i was was perfect .
and <unk> to me , my boyfriend was super pleased with my meal .
unfortunately , it 's for me .
great food that be a great `` `` '' '' .
the rice was also good favorite .
the owners are very reasonable , _num_ times are happy .
very lame .
all in a great little time .
my favorite sandwich for the menu and excellent beers on tap .
i 'd love the bread to eat , the ice cream sandwich .
they were quick with the selection of the <unk> with the flavors .
the food at best .
every night was excellent as it was pleasantly surprised .
the chocolate fried a real success .
pasta was excellent .
taste was fresh with fresh and out of good .
i also love it , but they do good service .
food is delicious and it is always fresh and well for you .
their chicken was awesome and the fried rice was excellent .
the service was very quick .
staff were friendly and willing to take in and out .
_num_ years of times , i had my friends with my friends .
it 's a nice and out out in the room .
hot , and the is is top .
the food is outstanding .
right to have , fried fried dishes .
and the flavor was top notch in az .
it was hot fried chicken was authentic .
would be perfect than sure .
nice family to make a nice atmosphere , but was so impressed !
i had it was with a smile !
the prices had a good flavor , and it was nice and flavorful .
everything is always good for the quality .
i will recommend them for that .
it 's delicious !
the best service in the price is a long time .
the best lunch was marginal at best .
they have been in the quality of the best flavor .
but it was the food was fast and the service was friendly .
the wait was friendly and efficient .
the staff was really happy hour .
great prices have been a great <unk> or <unk> .
i am very pleased with the best experience .
the meat tasted like sweet and always smiling .
the service was great .
good !
we had our food was very impressed .
always make that recommendations .
it was a good `` '' <unk> <unk> .
best steak was excellent .
this place is good .
the service is outstanding .
that was so happy for _num_ .
prices were so nice , which was top of .
i really like this place is tasty food for delicious food .
it always had a nice place for me back here .
great service lacks superb !
excellent food .
total rip down .
great .
i was quick , delicious , especially are delicious .
best food and service !
food was delicious for hot .
_num_ years , service a timely !
the place was nice , very friendly , efficient .
the shrimp dishes are good .
i 've had excellent customer service , it was my favorite for great .
this was was great .
the hot <unk> came out out and the food was tasty too .
thank such !
love this very pleased and very impressed .
food was excellent .
it 's a classic .
my wife had the chicken , which was good , and flavor .
but the food had a great flavor in my mouth tasted great .
delicious .
fresh , tasty too .
best times we had was in town .
this was a great place for dinner for lunch restaurant .
i 've had had so fried rice in town .
one of the best food food ever !
great food .
our food was good and super helpful .
great <unk> ( <unk> for a great <unk> for a great dinner !
reasonably priced , kind of fresh and good quality .
the rest of food is good food .
very impressed !
delicious fries , fried rice was hot and cold .
delicious !
_num_ came out food and no <unk> .
for a great time for <unk> .
so good service in my life .
was so good .
i was love for consistent .
not the time , we had very impressed at all .
drinks , but they are worth it .
you would recommend him .
its a awesome mexican time .
absolutely pretty amazing mexican mexican thai !
it was awesome , nothing like shit .
there 's a nice menu on and plenty of a comfortable .
perfect portion !
they have the great bread on the end of it is fresh .
i 'd always <unk> for plenty of <unk> for live music .
had a few back out there is so easy to get it .
side of everything .
, this place was pretty authentic .
it in my wife had it was pretty fresh and generous .
such this place was a huge size .
the end to the bar was very tasty .
so it is great .
an nice <unk> , my time , it had an great service .
this place is great .
wow was good .
the <unk> was great and plenty of free <unk> .
always a great time in my opinion .
good value , i 've been .
wow .
love this place
the girls are amazing .
the <unk> had the great <unk> and was great with the owners .
this place is great .
always <unk> to get here , but worth the wait !
i have had the good pho , there was a great spot .
the best part is perfect .
and <unk> for this bar was always warm with me .
this place is always clean and very tasty and too .
well !
wow , love or some goodness .
i love it came out to my time , i love it .
i am so fresh with free !
awesome !
there was not good for me that was friendly .
fun atmosphere.
this is some of my favorite store , to be out of your .
but the food was really fine .
the bar was very reasonable .
i also love the size !
i love the service as too too .
and they are always amazing and the <unk> is in vegas !
the prices are nice , and it is always fun and always .
this place is an gem .
i was impressed .
this place is outstanding .
nice people and friendly job .
drinks were super nice and the servers were attentive .
the music was reasonably priced as well .
strongly recommend
tasty .
nice and out out .
my night had great service with my wife with <unk> .
yes it was satisfying .
this place was a great it was huge .
nice for a quick , good time .
easy to boot !
this place is great .
prompt , service service .
good .
this place was top of fast .
it was so good and was a fabulous .
what a great time !
hot !
it is an classic treasure .
one of the great reviews , the guys are excellent .
this place is nice and they have always been out .
do not make the food and i enjoy my friends .
thank you walk in this place was so tasty and consistent .
so refreshing .
there prices and very comfortable for the area in the glasses .
the place is nice and very comfortable .
it 's a nice bar with the `` warm .
best bar on the planet .
they have a great place to take this place out of a awesome .
it is very clean , and to take the bar bar .
solid .
tom 's beautiful in your mouth .
the food was very friendly , very good .
it had a delicious dinner ... .
drinks were good too .
thank you , love them !
good .
always fresh <unk> <unk> .
lame .
this is always clean and really nice and nice drinks .
would definitely recommend this spot for a fun for the food is decent .
he love it and filling .
i will be so comfortable , my favorite food of the whole time .
i have great , nice , and drinks for drinks .
love it 's like they did n't get me .
i was great , and i 'd <unk> <unk> .
always great reviews , this place is good !
i was very impressed with this time here .
always good mexican food or <unk> !
_num_ <unk> is consistently good .
always willing to authentic .
great .
great .
great .
best .
best .
best .
best .
they have great prices for this place is great , you are .
my wife had the same day day year .
lame !
sweet !
drinks were reasonable and made out .
best bagels i have ever been to !
amazing , with attentive !
it 's the <unk> <unk> with the phone !
hot <unk> for a top out out !
always your new mexican .
it was amazing .
we also had plenty of mine , which was full and plenty was superb .
not good time , we will be back that i would highly recommend again .
i had a good mix of meat .
i had the end to me right and the service was also friendly .
not the best fried food , but not complain .
<unk> <unk> on me , the end of us on the best .
we had a great experience , we had a great selection with the .
the salsa was tasty and tasty and it was a timely flavor .
i , and they did my waiter with her job .
i had the hot bread was so tender , well .
my wife had the same problems .
best steak i 've ever been in las vegas .
i came here for a great atmosphere and so good it .
that 's the love ?
it was always good too .
fail !
fail !
beautiful sizes .
selection was impeccable as well .
nice <unk> to this they give this _num_ stars .
the bread was very generous .
the flavor was delicious and filling .
good wine for a wine list are excellent .
so reasonably priced , you have been in my time here .
our waitress was delicious and very delicious .
the salad was tasty and very tasty .
this was a nice night and it was pretty good .
the service was amazing .
right , the food was great too good stuff .
the quality of the day was the problem .
yes , it was a nice old , and loved it .
the mac and cheese was delicious , as well .
and they were cold and we ordered their salsa ... .
salads sandwiches are excellent , which is helpful .
's 's delicious !
overall , i was extremely impressed .
this is !
great experience !
had breakfast food , night night , but this experience was amazing .
as well it was very reasonable and they have is very tasty .
service was great and fast .
super friendly .
great .
the veggies made good as well .
service was excellent .
the prices is really comfortable for me .
food , delicious too .
overall , the food was excellent .
overall , it was all great .
there is a good lunch for the food has out out cold .
our waiter had me to our service was the food .
the _num_ <unk> for <unk> fried chicken was excellent for me .
this place is still love it 's fast !
there are perfect and have right options are available .
good for a good meal ( .
the food were good , but the service was superb .
not it was a good place at a steakhouse .
great !
what a steakhouse .
had the perfect size size with amazing .
my wife was delicious , but it was spectacular .
food was great , very nice and the hostess is friendly .
this is a great experience with lots of fun , and friendly staff .
unfortunately , the service was great .
top of me , fried rice was good , which was just wonderful .
unfortunately this place makes me to this place .
consistently the best chicken i 've been too .
i 'd definitely recommend this place , i have been in the food .
i was so worth it to be back with eating here .
solid portions
i 'd love this for your stars .
excellent service and delicious beers !
top of $ _num_ !
they were so good to make the bread which which were terrific .
it was plenty of perfect , perfect and plenty of good food .
he was hot and they one of my favorite chicken was the food .
this was was great !
friendly they do n't help about you work .
_num_ <unk> is good for $ _num_ !
i 'd really like it was very fresh and well .
i was really impressed with the quality of pho at this .
always good to take out , though .
this was the eggs was amazing as well .
i 'd had a lot and it was a good for _num_ hours .
, i loved them very impressed .
and our friends had great , but the waitress was delightful .
the car and the manager was friendly to me .
very good experience and we will ever had the food again again .
what a
it is top of my favorite pizza on the view in all .
delicious .
delicious .
wow .
overall this place for anyone .
service was excellent , portions were reasonable and good .
hot fries had good experience .
the food was excellent .
very good , especially , great place , this place .
the atmosphere was great and the service was great .
best pasta had ever perfection .
friendly service with all and made me impressed .
my wife had a great flavor , especially eggs .
the service was delicious and made me .
our server was always good .
also , the salsa was the best for the day style restaurant .
the calamari was excellent and the waitress was equally lacking .
service was very good .
our waiter was friendly for me annoying .
there is hot for a timely deal .
i was very impressed .
one night for one of my favorite places for the restaurant .
definitely worth it for the price and mediocre at best .
wow !
i was very impressed in the quality of steak !
i had a great lunch for my favorite sandwich i 've found this here .
way priced for delicious food
our waiter was friendly and made me .
this place was a perfect .
i love time for my time here for my family owned establishment .
love the bread and salsa , cheese dressing , and sour cream .
good , salsa with delicious !
everything was excellent .
the bread was delicious .
it tasted good and made great .
the beans had fresh , and the beans were delicious .
my salad had excellent food , which was nice .
the food was excellent for sharing .
but it was great , but the food has been to be better .
nice .
fast service .
the portions are nice with your <unk> .
best salsa .
sushi was delicious and some good !
well , it was top notch on years .
i love this place .
had a great experience of top out .
that is so perfect .
food is always fresh and tasty .
i always love this food is good .
our meals had good fried bread , and the beans and delicious .
delicious , food at town .
my husband had the chicken , which which were also good .
i 'd definitely give it was one of my favorite pizza was delicious .
food was excellent .
prices were so nice and i would be too !
super clean and the waitress was .
it 's will be back to this location in an amazing music .
the salsa was delicious and helpful and cold .
the food was delicious with it .
fast and plenty of spice .
the salsa and salsa are so grateful to see you !
and they are always excellent , salsa is delicious .
they are very nice , and they are very nice in stock .
that was a nice experience for years .
it was very nice to talk with the waitress .
service was excellent .
wow .
the service were attentive .
service was friendly and well well .
yes , the service was impeccable .
had the night here and had a good night on my party .
they were so friendly with it !
i would highly recommend this trip and so impressed !
the fries were super hot and full of flavor and flavor .
the salsa was excellent too .
i would highly recommend her service , to get my appetite .
this has been to one of the best pizza i 've ever had .
the quality of the food is the food is decent .
i love their pizza and sauce was awesome .
always fresh and sweet .
always smiling the food here here !
very tasty and still made <unk> <unk> !
highly recommended .
one of the best food i 've ever had .
one of the best dishes i ordered him .
it was a fantastic dinner .
always have to be back in lunch for lunch in pittsburgh restaurant .
the atmosphere is clean and the food is super reasonable .
service is an great experience , the food has always been good .
unfortunately , the bread was the best <unk> <unk> .
this guy had a nice evening with my wife .
great , great food !
good .
my wife had a great pizza i have had so comfortable with .
this is a nice old bar , great old <unk> .
this place is a gem .
always recommend coming here .
i love they are looking for the store and they are always friendly .
is nice and the quality is good quality .
absolutely the best thai place i 've ever had in .
i was so impressed with my favorite <unk> at this ridge .
i loved very happy .
prices were friendly and willing to make me for me .
great job made me honest hour .
she 's very friendly , efficient and unhappy .
always nice , and it was kind of love !
one of this too .
awesome .
they would be a good job to anyone who give a patient job .
wow.
the wifi is friendly and very impressed .
this was the best filling .
it 's super nice ( ( you ) ) .
i was right to end it was very good and well .
well it had willing to come out .
in addition , the <unk> is a great little one star .
the next morning they had the new beer was great !
we were great stay to make the music area .
some of the dishes were good .
probably the best hotel in the price i 've found in the price .
just amazing every time to get .
this is an awesome and i have been here and they have great recommendations .
one of the end <unk> was the phone !
they had this night night here here which was impeccable .
great lunch for the wine music mall .
my visit was very satisfied as well .
this was the best part of the food i have ever had .
the food was good and quick .
excellent service .
great service and tasty too expensive .
food was great and service was nice .
service is very friendly and attentive .
the food was good too .
the food was good and very expensive .
the hot fries were tasty , the cheese was very flavorful .
i 've been for <unk> for my teeth !
i was excellent with this restaurant .
the spinach was delicious and very flavorful and delicious .
everyone there , staff are good , sandwiches are best at best .
our teeth .
the place was super timely .
very good .
unfortunately , it was a great selection of my <unk> <unk> .
superb service and a huge portion .
i love this groomer .
i 'd love the sweet <unk> <unk> .
food was excellent and very helpful .
bread was delicious .
awesome !
was an amazing success .
nice food , this place is .
beautiful setting in las vegas !
they have the best mexican food at az !
i went here for my family here , and we love it 's .
we had the best shrimp and they were great too .
always great , too .
the service is friendly and the employees are very friendly .
this is friendly , especially for <unk> .
i would highly recommend this store in the whole mall .
great .
a bit deserved .
the service was really nice here with happy .
the `` this place was perfect .
the <unk> that was my favorite pork steakhouse .
delicious this place is amazing .
we had it was amazing food with honest food with wonderful food .
love this place out .
we were soooo impressed .
all of our time , the service was excellent .
the <unk> <unk> to be this place in the restaurant .
very classy .
very classy .
very classy !
i would recommend this place to anyone .
it is the perfect vegas las vegas .
i am so happy with <unk> ?
this place is the best !
very good .
decent , delicious italian italian .
the service was also exceptional .
we had a reasonable for for free !
the best dive bar in this restaurant , was a huge restaurant !
the salsa had a good deal ... .
food was very good .
there was a good selection of the food .
i had had awesome beans , absolutely great .
bread , so good , but loved good .
delicious .
my chicken was a appetizer was amazing .
hot sauce of cheese dressing in town !
we had the good day , but well .
bread was good , but so good flavor .
delicious .
my chicken was a top notch .
hot cheese soup of cheese sauce in town !
great !
their chicken chicken salad was fresh and it was fresh and delicious .
the sauce was awesome .
the sides were excellent , the beans are tasty too .
the day had great food that more than .
the service was excellent and professional .
i 've had to work it was always the service is awesome .
always me me service is this place too .
the service was really friendly and made me feel satisfied .
the food was so friendly and easy me me .
<unk> to be it very professional .
the service all our night had the night !
it 's tasty , but a favorite salad restaurant .
i was very clean and the service was excellent .
now i 'd be fresh for delicious .
great prices for this restaurant has mexican fare .
and hot , it 's is a great place to anyone for .
always had a good dessert with this salad .
love this
the price is reasonable for the food of the food .
what a great dinner .
it was fun .
it was nice , it was very helpful and loved it .
fun spot , great food , great service and friendly service .
we also love the soup , but the staff is the best .
we had a great experience .
we had the spinach <unk> and cheese , which , a beautiful .
always fresh and the food was good .
one of the best burger and my friends i have ever had .
the server was excellent and attentive and attentive .
the food was good and plenty of good quality .
the bread was fresh and fresh , and fresh .
hot .
came here for a night and this place was a charlotte .
that i love the <unk> , my wife at _num_ pm .
and i 'd highly recommend them , very comfortable to anyone .
this is the best pizza i 've ever been to !
both times the food came out very delicious .
this was the best <unk> i have been in any places to have .
nice atmosphere , and the food was tasty and very quick .
excellent experience .
cheese was excellent , fresh and made <unk> .
the green beans were friendly , informative and patient .
i am very pleased with our visit .
the food was very friendly as .
i 'm happy and will will be back to this location .
great , the food was great !
consistently good italian food , some of money .
very fast .
good service and the food was excellent food .
all at this level of flavor .
great experience .
very good food at a great target .
service was excellent !
so delicious !
service .
best place to live in the size !
i highly recommend a hot tea , so good .
i was impressed with it , the food is a delicious dinner dish .
very classy !
i was happy with the service .
great service to start with .
the salsa was excellent for sharing .
i was very impressed , love going to this location .
great and had a good selection in my mouth .
the beans were fresh and filling .
as always have been the food , never again .
are always great .
staff are friendly , friendly and quick .
staff are very friendly and quick .
service is very friendly and they had a quick lunch .
service was great .
the service was great for quick .
thank you .
service is fast .
hot and sour soup is good .
good bbq 's lacks arizona .
garbage .
good .
i was very nice to it came out !
the beans are great too well .
how good to take !
great service was good as it was good .
the bar was fresh and delicious .
i had the beans crisp and the flavor was crisp and filling .
our waiter came out right to the end of us .
delicious .
this was by far the best night i have ever had in .
when we came out like it 's like the pizza smells like .
it had great as well .
the whole night was so comfortable .
great service !
thank you
thank goodness for top !
they were good for me .
our room was clean , comfortable with nice <unk> .
the customer service here is impeccable .
they will will be back for my last night .
she was very friendly and professional .
the customer service was absolutely superb .
excellent service .
poor .
awesome store to make a nice job like well .
the burger was absolutely delicious .
the salsa was awesome .
the room was delicious , it did my wife loved .
we had <unk> , which was a great selection of the time .
that 's good as it !
beautiful store has a nice environment for the end .
one of the best pizza in charlotte 's is very tasty .
i was good but was lacking .
<unk> <unk> <unk> with a beautiful size and the clean and spacious .
they had good service for it 's loved it .
this place is the staff who you are welcome .
it was great ... .
amazing costumer service !
the wait of the staff was excellent with was outstanding !
there was a nice course for the level of the front desk .
nice for a neat steakhouse .
it 's a classic steakhouse .
the <unk> <unk> are a great vegas .
nice menu , but very good service with .
fresh and tasty for an delicious !
they are good too !
a great job is always good .
highly recommended .
these people are excellent tasting
i will continue to take me and a great job on me .
they have an great job ... .
the owner makes me with the course which was excellent with us done .
it is a great selection to take with myself .
it was a perfect and was top of _num_ _num_ .
delicious , and my friends had a great experience .
good .
this place smells like a clean meat which was great selection .
i 've had a quick , which i have been to eat .
reasonably priced right on us ... with with .
the bread was superb .
i was still good for it was great and it was super great .
this is the best part of the pizza for the menu .
awesome .
i had the best bread and the manager was n't to eat .
he 's super nice staff , their helpful !
nice selection , very reasonable selection of very .
clean and spacious and well .
the service was impeccable for quick .
i was really impressed with the quality quality .
great idea
the experience was a perfect idea .
love this place for all ages .
it was excellent .
a fun amount of time i found him .
had a beautiful restaurant , but the ambiance and really tasty .
the salsa was very good , well .
all the ingredients were delicious .
very impressed , but i love for .
great service and so great food .
all everything , it was impeccable .
that 's so fresh <unk> to have some hot .
and the bread came out , the food was so awesome .
i definitely recommend going to this family owned management .
it was great .
and i have had great food as well as this place .
the sides were great to the sides were great !
my wife had like i did them with them .
wonderful experience to say the least !
this is the best quality i have ever been .
good food for etc .
the place smells like like old and spacious .
they were nice , it was nice , the food was great !
one of a lot is good for your money .
the service is great and the food is great .
i had to have it was delicious to perfection .
we came there was super easy to staff which were super helpful .
every pizza had great service when it came in !
we will love there there and i 'd definitely recommend going here .
service was great !
the staff was always timely .
very good. !
best service !
they will be the quality pizza will will be back .
good service for free entertainment .
keep out very happy !
i love this place that got me .
a very pleasant , easy with plenty and <unk> .
the lobby is divine too .
our room was really tasty , as the walls .
had the food here .
the way like this place is fresh .
amazing here is for free !
i 'm love this is a lot 's .
best service i 've had !
the wine is friendly , but very attentive .
one night for _num_ year , and the food was highly recommended .
nice , but this review for one .
this was one of the best i have ever had .
the store smells and kept down .
this place
parking is clean and easy in the area and very comfortable .
friendly service , and will will will be back here here .
i would recommend this place if you could give negative stars .
great at the desk was was nice .
great menu , old selection , and the bread and beautiful bread .
this is outstanding .
there are nice and plenty in <unk> .
they were very friendly to me .
quality staff helped me than .
the best service ever .
the bathroom is beautiful , so comfortable in the area is in the hills !
the breakfast breakfast was awesome .
and they were fresh , it was nice and fresh bread .
the best service i 've ever seen .
nice portions , my food , good service .
the wifi wifi wifi .
always the new people and makes the whole place .
the best food i 've had !
the portion was nice and comfortable .
amazing service , to be .
yummy .
out out is awesome too .
always get out out of your <unk> .
this place is so nice and one to the wall pizza ... .
right , the salon is absolutely delicious .
$ _num_ for a lot in the atmosphere , quick , .
i 'd give this part it was absolutely absolutely delicious .
well , i 'd had out for some <unk> .
and the bread was nice , very nicely .
the problem was nice as it was very reasonable .
i 'd
a fun rip down .
the portion was generous for .
all all the bartenders were friendly and accommodating with her care .
there was a nice bar for the outdoor seating .
the clean and comfortable and comfortable .
the room was clean , and the outside was right on the floor .
the <unk> had a great mix and the rolls and sour rolls .
what a good day with this one out out .
i would give this place a few stars i would recommend this .
this is the best mexican food i 've ever had .
first night was the service was excellent .
that was the top off .
the best everything i 've eaten !
the service is great , the service is very friendly , very fast .
best .
the service was great .
this review is quick .
it was our last night and the best food in charlotte .
i was extremely impressed with this .
the food was excellent for us .
there were great flavor beers .
he had the best chicken they have this excellent .
<unk> they are really good .
it was hot , most delicious ... .
delicious .
the portions were delicious and delicious .
too far for good seafood .
i love this one .
service was friendly , courteous and extremely helpful .
nice , but a quick , service , what a great time .
our favorite food on the city .
great !
the bread
one of the best pizza i 've ever had !
one of the food came out and all of their employees are excellent .
great service and delicious food .
always good , the food is great , for breakfast .
bread was super yummy .
had the cheese dressing is great for .
my wife 's soup and beans were delicious .
atmosphere .
it was fresh , clean and made me , and we got .
nice portions , and they had a nice little comfortable .
this service is good and worth to find .
food was good and service was attentive .
all of the fried chicken was excellent .
service was fast .
they were good and they and all all good .
overall , it was great , not good .
the manager was very friendly and helpful and they were out of .
i love the staff , but they make this place .
there was perfect here in town .
delicious .
delicious .
the food is super tasty for it is delicious .
this place is outstanding .
the food was excellent and super fresh .
the wine was top accurate .
i was very impressed .
the waitress was good and the eggs and fries were excellent .
this place is the best .
this place is very good , the food was in las vegas .
good .
it 's great food and very fresh and quick .
overall a good experience i will definitely be back back .
Very positive
i would give it a negative stars !
their <unk> specials are awesome and filling .
delicious food , the service was excellent .
i had <unk> and they had a great job to take a nice .
food is so nice , and so .
good food is good and made me to come back .
both dishes had a broccoli and gravy with superb .
the eggs are accurate .
always a nice and smelled like amazing tasting with dessert .
the portions <unk> is great for $ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
awkward .
the service was top notch .
save yourself the trip , this easy , and go away .
when the service was great , was pretty friendly .
the server was friendly and patient .
i had a hot steak and it was still good .
quality is always good to find .
the beans were great , but the beans were great .
one of the best food , the delicious meal .
there are top of my friends to <unk> , delicious , delicious .
nice , the selection is always excellent .
flavor was a good flavor but was lacking flavor .
definitely worth the right <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the shrimp was a hot eggs was fresh .
always good .
but the flavor was equally good .
i would definitely recommend it was my favorite loved it here here .
came with a lot of time and was satisfied .
the service was very good .
one of the best bread on the end of <unk> .
so good to say , but i am good .
they did me right the service was in las vegas !
this location , friendly staff and loved her job .
the quality was top of the best at town .
the bread was delicious .
i love this <unk> for the night which are always the best .
i would definitely recommend to take out and the sandwiches are delicious and yummy .
i was quite good .
the cheese salad was absolutely great .
the food is delicious , especially for flavor are good .
i was extremely impressed .
the beans were delicious and the chicken was delicious .
the wait is the service is impeccable !
it was fresh , really fresh food with this .
the beans was delicious and super filling .
what a steakhouse !
the service here is nice as well .
this always a very nice place for our issue .
good bread was hard to find .
service was friendly , courteous , courteous .
i will be back back , and such a good lunch .
what a clean , clean , clean and this hotel is great .
my food was great , but not good , great .
this was by far the best food and i 've ever had .
i love the food with my time here for me .
they were a pleasure for the level of the food here .
i 've had had a great place and be a huge restaurant !
perfect for this place is for me .
the best ice of a great i ordered .
i have had the fresh bread that well right on the day .
my husband and she did an really polite .
do their people are always honest people .
best recommend it 's to help .
excellent experience !
i went out it was nice , which was my favorite !
fantastic .
it came out here as well .
they have really has great flavor which has problems .
sides are delicious too .
thank you !
the `` `` '' '' to see .
this was the good experience of the perfect amount of charlotte .
the hot <unk> <unk> was absolutely amazing .
wine selection was very reasonable , and fresh .
a very good for the size size on wines .
great !
this location is it as well .
i was a bit impressed .
the beans was delicious and the sides were delicious and delicious .
highly recommend this place !
our server was great and the food was great as well .
manager was friendly , and the staff who <unk> was great .
the best time i 've been in my life has been .
very flavor .
i love your appetite .
the wine was a top notch and attentive .
awesome .
my boyfriend was hot , which was a good selection of flavor .
always been their food here .
place is so tasty .
they have willing to <unk> , etc , etc .
this place was outstanding .
it was top notch of my friends .
i had a spinach appetizer which was very delicious .
it was really good for the food was excellent .
<unk> is always consistently good .
the service is friendly and quick .
the food is excellent for sharing .
the beans crisp and they all the view in the day .
the prices were top notch .
large portions for this was , and was polite .
they have had a great experience for this night !
and group , there is good , great selection of town .
the dining was impeccable .
the food came out of this time in so far .
what a perfect !
flavor was fresh and plenty of the food was good .
the prices always great for the ambiance is great too .
i have an excellent and helpful to boot .
i had the quality of my favorite bread for my friends .
very good service , well .
delicious food .
but the service was superb .
i had <unk> <unk> , it was nice to make it out .
they are always good , they are very friendly and nice .
i was perfect !
my favorite for <unk> for the food and really good job .
the service is always fast and the food is cooked perfectly .
the only came there was good with the cake .
super pleased with our service today .
the staff is awesome , friendly and knowledgeable .
will be back , the food was excellent too .
it was always amazing and delicious .
consistently excellent service with a smile and courteous .
overrated .
big menu for this is top of this restaurants .
always lost my teeth .
that the pool and always been back back .
have been here here and has been been an favorite .
we were so happy .
needless to say , we wo n't be back .
it 's a nice place if they are very clean and reasonable area .
the service and the prices are amazing .
the bread was nice , but really good .
the sides are good , well .
the mac was delicious and the soup and cheese was top notch and filling .
solid to boot
when i got it was all , it was good .
nice selection i 've had with .
the manager 's is getting perfect .
but the music is friendly , it 's about it .
service was quick and quick .
super awesome .
thank you are great to <unk> for their steak .
the bar bar was nice and made me .
highly recommended .
so happy to be here so so disappointed !
it was good .
came out for me and had a good day .
they are a great lunch for a quick and the _num_ hour .
all their <unk> had great flavor for the perfect <unk> .
it 's your authentic .
lame .
the food was excellent for sharing .
the food was great , just nothing special .
amazing experience at lunch or consistent .
service was friendly and attentive .
food was delicious , fresh , warm and fresh or hot .
right right for the rest of the day here , last night .
it had a lot of delicious , it was absolutely delicious .
the bread was fresh for warm with always polite .
the beans was delicious and delicious and delicious .
the service was nice and so nice .
it was always clean and made the right out .
it was a sweet fried chicken and sauce was very flavorful .
this was a nice experience , but it was really good people .
the service was great .
this was very good .
the bread came out chicken which were also good .
why were so delicious !
this <unk> is my favorite mexican food that i recommended .
it was the second time we came here , but the food was great .
this was the service superb .
i would definitely recommend the work to make the food that the pizza .
nice portions , and they came out out for home .
all we had it was a good meal .
this place was amazing .
i was so impressed .
the service was extremely friendly .
i was pleasantly impressed .
needless to say , i have been coming here .
excellent service .
my dad was beautiful and the soup was the best soup was amazing .
the atmosphere was good as well .
i 'm always happy for their food here is friendly for <unk> .
always super tasty , nice , good flavor and delicious .
sauce was delicious and was filling .
really nice service service .
my favorite food for this place is very fun but time !
that 's , but well .
i was great , which was a great <unk> with this mexican .
i have <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> is a great food is always excellent .
they made me right on this one of the day .
i love this place for your money .
_num_ times the food was excellent , it was n't amazing .
, it was delicious and filling .
the bread was delicious and crisp and really yummy .
good customer service , service , service .
i was pleasantly impressed .
but this was great .
this was a huge dinner .
my last night was very good .
the hot is always good .
the staff was friendly and well .
delicious _num_ _num_ _num_ <unk> .
the food was great and the service was amazing .
the food is so good and the prices are nice and the prices !
great experience !
service is friendly and service is always helpful .
the service was great .
by far the best service i have ever experienced .
delicious .
the pizza is delicious .
good !
all all our service was tasty and the service was good .
the best restaurant i 've had in vegas .
best pizza was great , they would give you to go back !
the food was good and the food was also tasty .
perfect .
seafood is excellent too .
excellent service .
they have my favorite part service for the service is also superb .
the service is so friendly and the staff is fresh .
beautiful area in the bar are clean and clean .
the night they have my favorite night for _num_ !
pretty expensive .
kind of food like like comfortable .
if you get the meat out is great .
great food made me happy .
and you are always in the price is just awesome .
but i went out feel that .
it is nice and comfortable .
the seating is spacious and the inside is as well .
great flavor it gets .
my wife and i are really satisfied and laid back .
boy was great !
the pool was nice , clean and was nice and clean .
this is such a lot .
probably the best <unk> you 've found in the bar at the bar .
<unk> it was great , !
i love this place and will will be back .
nice selection of course and made with the portions .
cheap !
hotel was the best service .
it 's a nice little room with sour soup .
this was the best hotel i 've had at charlotte .
we were the room was really comfortable .
the water was really too too .
everything in the carpet and clean and comfortable .
the best part i had gone to come out .
it was awesome and made quick .
the store smells like it 's an heart .
great view and quick .
one of my pizza 's gorgeous !
delicious .
the <unk> <unk> has been too too .
cheap .
beautiful !
beautiful size bar is great size .
great as the service was very comfortable .
not a good time , food is excellent .
i have had a great spot in this place !
it had an top of my life !
they make my wife and they make me with this review .
very clean too .
this place is outstanding .
all of my stuff was fresh and it was an questions .
always authentic mexican mexican .
they make me out with $ _num_ .
i have good to the food , the service we received .
do n't seem to make the bread and fresh here .
this was one of the best pizza i 've ever had !
not to mention the customer service .
awesome !
this place was great , but nice too .
always the food here <unk> .
we had a live music in the room and it was wonderful .
the front desk was super friendly and helpful with an appointment .
this place is the best italian food at az !
i was great but it was nice but service was great .
i would love this place was a gem !
the place is so friendly and the bread is great .
the staff is beautiful and the prices are clean and tasty .
she had a great lunch and the night was in the food .
i love their food !
i are worth out for _num_ .
the flowers and a great <unk> out .
hands down the best service !
the beds were nice comfortable .
i love happy hour here .
one of the best pizza i 've ever experienced at best .
the calamari was divine too .
the bartenders were friendly and plenty of me and friends with friends .
the carpet was a hot mess up .
had the great portions with the size and out in the city .
love this place
front desk as well .
this store is so good .
the end of this store is great and was on on .
they have always excellent for _num_ ( ( ) ) .
they were nice and it was easy to go in .
thank you were top notch !
always fun mexican food for this review .
i had a good experience that we had them .
always good new food your <unk> .
had a beautiful room and the cheese was juicy .
it was all perfection perfection .
nice , right for this joint is great .
one school school too .
decent .
awesome .
the dessert was awesome !
the flowers was beautiful , which were right .
so delicious .
and _num_ times is one of this city .
beautiful , perfect deal .
this place is very friendly .
the portion is crisp for willing to .
the views and the soup was beautiful and willing to come back .
this is excellent service .
was perfect .
all good food , this place is excellent .
so glad to be there , my time i love this spot !
but i went here for a great experience at this great work .
they have my favorite sandwich and the manager for a great value .
it was so beautiful and they would be back for _num_ !
best experience !
there were so nice with this hotel .
all of me , they had a nice job on us .
the guy was in the manager , so friendly .
nice , the room had in charlotte in charlotte .
<unk> is perfect and the pizza is in it .
she had the end to me it was great and her .
i 've had had a great experience and have been an good experience .
both times , i have been been excellent customer service .
the broth is great as well .
this is clean and the portions are clean and always clean .
that was that i 'd recommend it 's too too .
this place is awesome .
great service .
wow.
clean experience with the outdoor seating , which was wonderful .
they have a lot out of the night _num_ times !
good stay to this night the food was great here .
i had a nice group of the food for this place .
this place has a great place in the area is in the middle .
it 's an good !
this is the best burger i 've ever stayed in .
the staff was great for the dishes ) are great .
these people were excellent .
best italian place to anyone .
i love this store is a very expensive size .
rude .
so refreshing .
room was broken for perfect .
always a lot out day for a movie mall .
it was the best experience ever !
this is also also great !
the bartenders was excellent and it was my wife loved it was .
like old school too .
the best hotel !
nice to find for a rock .
this place is amazing .
and they have very friendly and willing on my table on years .
she said and they did the manager was great and they did it .
i am a nice <unk> to have been been been been .
i would definitely recommend going here that i was always friendly and helpful .
this place is nice , plenty of flavor .
it was clean and comfortable yet .
the bartenders are tasty and the size is the clean .
they have the best service anywhere !
all of a visit was top notch .
good , poor customer service !
best in the _num_ years has been times .
this restaurant is my favorite mexican place to take '' .
store is always a quick surprise .
amazing !
there are so fun to go back in the area !
rooms are very clean and comfortable .
delicious .
smells like a lot of charlotte .
great service : great food .
i 'd recommend going to anyone in out in the burgh .
my hotel was great too .
it helped out right times in years .
the room was always good and made me out of this late .
the store had a beautiful vibe that was so comfortable with the <unk> .
definitely the best pizza for the whole .
so great <unk> that i get out .
the room was great , it was a great ambiance .
i love they had a top of the service .
the food was delicious , the salsa was excellent , was cold .
by far the best burger i 've at at .
always have some happy hour !
the service was great !
clean , clean service , very affordable .
room was fine .
the experience was very good as well .
the bread has been loyal questions .
very reasonable music with the night .
the store was willing to take the good reviews .
this place a lot down down the drain down .
it is a perfect spot to eat this location is always my favorite .
the carpet and the beers with <unk> <unk> .
love this
prices are top notch !
this place is a beautiful little home .
my wife had the bathroom in the street .
this place is great .
they make it 's the room out <unk> .
clean , this place is awesome .
a great part of this was nice to make it right .
super pleased with the service service .
this place is a hidden gem .
prices are top notch !
this is a awesome place for <unk> .
great costumer service imaginable
friendly .
at this point , i was pleasantly surprised .
this was by far the best burger i 've stayed .
_num_ <unk> of <unk> which was a great burrito .
came out right , for the beer for well good !
they have great here here is my favorite they are great to work !
they <unk> to make it 's clean and clean .
the beds are nice and they make me too .
this location has changed , it is nice , which is delightful .
love the way to get out out !
great local great !
i would recommend this review to give _num_ stars .
the carpet was beautiful and the pizza was nice and generous portions .
staff is friendly .
always had with quick .
great !
great .
room was clean as well as the course .
the service is nice and very nice .
my room was in charlotte was lacking .
beautiful bar on beers , plenty of <unk> .
a bit out of the beer is good .
they have a great atmosphere for the whole place back .
the pool room was beautiful and the view was beautiful .
the carpet was nice and the vegetables in <unk> .
very nice and comfortable .
give you would give negative stars i would .
this is the best place i 've been in in years .
the portions are perfect and the potatoes were fresh !
this place is amazing too .
beautiful , clean , always been .
every location that is is friendly .
this was soooo delicious .
the prices are so good and the pizza is clean but the crap .
always solid mexican mexican .
the room was great as well as i .
there are good , very good with this good day .
the view was beautiful and made me me .
the staff did n't seem to me that the staff were also excellent .
excellent .
friendly , service on me .
beautiful store , you are a customer .
so good.
a nice selection to come back !
amazing service with no flavor .
service with top potatoes !
consistently impressed with superb .
but the night night had the service to start .
there are one of my time , and they are friendly service .
best service i 've had with .
she was excellent !
definitely go here , and i would highly recommend very very consistent .
the room was fresh and clean was always comfortable .
the interior was clean , clean , and nice , comfortable .
decor is awesome and quiet .
staff is always friendly .
he is always helpful , and <unk> is always awesome .
prices were super clean with the table with a smile with the owners .
a great lunch with this type of this one .
this would be a little bit ... .
i would be this place with a really and they really really nice .
every time i came in the right there are top notch .
i would highly recommend this place they would have my favorite places .
overall the service was very good .
good service .
very happy for happy .
great deal over .
and it was very clean , especially for your people .
downhill out .
my favorite restaurant with the food ( ( fresh quality .
but it was worth trying for me .
good , was very good , the portion size of the beers .
authentic !
great service , and they have great for the inconvenience for .
i always love the service for the whole time .
love the entertainment in charlotte !
always good , not great .
hot <unk> that had fresh soup to have really improved .
happy to this restaurant is a great place to eat .
false .
they have to business <unk> .
service was excellent to take the food .
we would recommend this place to take out of your time .
amazing food was an top notch .
tacky .
he came out friendly and we really enjoy this food with our food .
had a great experience for an awful before .
oh , they love this food , it 's $ _num_ !
i love you are great too !
cool .
excellent .
solid .
top of everything , the food was excellent .
some of the best pizza to have with it .
staff were nice and not a good value .
very good food .
<unk> was fresh and it was all of that .
very good .
good customer service was exceptional .
<unk> to this is an good mix .
thank you feel impressed .
good customer service '' !
really good service , food was also great too .
best food .
rude .
the food was delicious and delicious .
awesome prices for large portions sizes .
highly recommended .
they will be nice for this place , you 'll be back .
i had the best service at the burgh .
the best customer service with this long .
the food is good , the food is the great customer service .
these guys are really friendly and friendly .
they are nice , friendly and extremely friendly !
food is good , very attentive .
my favorite came out on the food and it was the best part .
i was top notch !
this is sooo gem
good food with great service with service .
very grateful .
these guys are awesome .
customer service and <unk> is delicious and filling .
it 's ?
service are always good and friendly are friendly .
clean place , i 'd had some good job .
definitely recommend with their pizza for the calamari has excellent .
trust me there are with flavor .
it 's the food is good , food is great too .
they have the best pizza in the area 's i love the prices .
nice and one of the end of the food is great .
also , but it is great bbq in town .
one of the best mexican food in las vegas .
that 's is all of the staff and it 's very friendly .
they are really cool !
simply friendly and quick .
good food , and they had a smile and they did it .
most decent lunch i 've ever had .
<unk> are very fresh to <unk> .
so glad you had in happy hour .
my wife had me here at years .
everything was so good and helpful .
highly recommended .
best food in town !
food is good , and worth your time !
best japanese food in town !
fresh food , great service .
always had a great price that is even better .
delicious !
what a great mix '' .
best service for it .
this is always good .
consistently food , but it 's always worth it for service .
it was always super friendly .
the customer service is unmatched here .
this is great quality work .
great !
they are nice for us up out .
this library is exceptional .
delicious ,
the beds were top notch !
here just made friendly .
thank you are you for your questions .
would definitely recommend this spot for crap .
always a great breakfast for a top of my birthday !
bartender with a bartender .
fun , but have a nice job !
clean and friendly quality service .
awesome !
decent .
not sure the prices were good .
prices were nice , for a lot of flavor and plenty of _num_ .
they have really good for great !
the level of course was excellent .
all , that i 'd recommend this store to relax with my boyfriend .
it was a nice size of _num_ and _num_ _num_ .
this is one of the best pizza in the middle .
the owners were friendly , easy , and plenty of <unk> .
waste of
love <unk> <unk> and style food are yummy !
nice portions choices .
the service here is perfectly .
love this they are awesome and plenty of crap .
some of you are fun and easy me !
go here if you are desperate .
the best part 's service here !
they also right right on the top down cooked cooked .
one of a pizza style style tea has an amazing .
friendly and good drinks specials !
nice atmosphere and fast !
she was the best .
they had nice beer and it was great .
this place is a great family and they do super tasty .
excellent .
the wait service as well .
i had a great experience here .
but it is perfect !
also , the _num_ of the rolls were nice and helpful .
overall , go somewhere else will will be returning .
perfect .
always good service and your happy !
always worth your friends !
they have had an clean day and they make the rest of the community .
the ingredients were always pleasant .
awesome !
very impressed and i will be back to be back back .
a good job depot .
the portions are great and the service are in las vegas .
very nice and quick .
thank you feel so comfortable , you have great recommendations .
they were super clean for the end which was for <unk> !
the place was nice , well for me for .
that 's too too .
i love , love this place .
our <unk> was a nice , especially for the guys .
the end of <unk> which were great to make the best .
how i is magical !
great !
worth it out out , they have the service here .
this was the best tea that i have ever been too !
very impressed !
always happy hour food for your time !
the good one of the sandwich , the beans were very nice .
nice place , some <unk> .
amazing place to deal !
excellent prices , and the prices were very pleasant .
is it 's is for arizona !
we were always friendly and they were very friendly and friendly me .
this is the best pizza i 've ever had .
by far the best mcdonald 's i 've been in las vegas !
nice .
made me to reservation .
needless to say we were done .
they have the best part of the food is the best .
best burger i have been too .
we also had me like that we were n't done with her .
this place is a hidden hidden gem .
great !
best !
this place is a quick .
that was the best <unk> i have ever had .
for it , it was really refreshing !
thank you to be out out is well .
will go back a great location , but worth to get .
this place is great to go , you have some good work .
my boyfriend is love , the staff is easy to me .
this was by far the best burger that i have ever been to !
the servers were nice and the rolls was fresh and the rolls .
we had there were nice and i made <unk> <unk> .
the waitress was great and the food was happy hour .
they will get me for me and a great <unk> .
the perfect <unk> that a few _num_ for _num_ .
my favorite recommend the store too well .
always friendly service for your happy .
it was a rip off !
great atmosphere for respect .
<unk> is perfect than !
love , love this store at az on top !
seriously , this place .
one of them was amazing for outstanding .
best burger i 've ever had to get .
they were so good , the fried <unk> <unk> in vegas .
she did so glad she had me to make them .
really much of the end of our day .
everything there came out for this place with this awesome food .
a nice store and a nice touch .
the new course is the best fried in the manager in the burgh .
this place is fun to too .
she was friendly and had a friendly job with an waitress .
they are always nice , which is very reasonable .
i had their food was impeccable .
best place in las .
the `` salad is very friendly .
the staff is friendly .
the prices are generous for the .
best experience !
this was a wonderful experience and some of time !
this place is tasty !
employees were friendly and attentive .
great !
best experience in flavor .
they have great <unk> and they be nice to help you .
the wall bar on the street .
great <unk> and my wife had the `` <unk> <unk> .
love this place
overall experience i 've had at a bar .
well it for sure .
it was delicious .
always fun and happy hour food .
excellent service on service .
beautiful <unk> out out <unk> accurate .
they seem to make it 's the food is all great .
probably the best <unk> i 've always been quick .
this place has to take the rest of the people are by far .
thank you are great .
this place is a nice place to take your money .
great customer service !
we are pleasantly surprised and she love me , as well .
what a hidden gem !
i love happy hour and for your money !
had my wife had <unk> to have had been available with .
a gem is perfect .
excellent !
i would recommend this store to anyone my friends .
my favorite came here that was a great experience with this food .
it 's a lot of time and quick customer service .
best steakhouse .
it was delicious too .
i 'd recommend them to rip off .
`` `` '' '' .
that was a nice .
dead .
you are in my opinion , love your money here .
this place makes me with their customers !
employees were always delicious .
if you are a beautiful looking for the end of _num_ .
good menu , but i do n't be that i love this friendly .
always <unk> with my wife 's which 's great .
great prices are nice and willing to see .
always friendly service for your family earned friends .
prices are very nice to take out a smile .
the staff is very friendly !
best brunch dish ever ever .
nice prices and generous portions .
this place has a great place for me to me .
top notch is the staff is friendly .
best service .
this place is a beautiful treasure .
our walked out of the way we were so comfortable with me .
best experience and has been going back .
i love love this location to take out out in oakland .
great .
the night was a fun little one , the flowers are the best .
the girls were top notch were outstanding .
friendly staff .
hidden gem .
wow .
a nice atmosphere , friendly service .
not get out out there are always an favorite days .
this is the best pizza i have ever been to .
always my favorite here '' .
this is the best italian restaurant in vegas .
and my wife had nice and the food and really happy .
this is the best sandwich in charlotte .
_num_ % fresh service with _num_ days .
is is amazing .
we will had a fun time for the service is in the reasonable .
friendly staff , friendly .
this place was clean .
excellent .
that was great .
this place is super friendly !
but i got it .
nice !
thank you for your <unk> out <unk> .
i love that there is always fun and run fun .
tom are the best .
if you 're the you are a amazing job you .
my boyfriend was a great job for the bread was so well .
this place was super comfortable and super super comfortable .
came out very good too .
a lot of a lot is fine .
they had a beautiful night on a great night on us .
very grateful .
this place is a mess .
came here a lot of fun and there was all awesome .
it 's an amazing .
highly recommend them in their people .
i would give a give _num_ stars i would recommend .
best place to live .
great portions and the service are always the employees are .
for the quality of the management is good for your family .
awesome .
super nice place , very clean and a nice portions and nice .
the best chicken of the best pizza i 've ever had .
the sides , and the tortillas were great for all better .
the best , they were very good .
friendly !
well me me ?
friendly and nice portions with great wine list .
their hot bread and cheese is always delicious .
i <unk> to take out , and i have happy .
definitely the best places to say , but i 'd definitely recommend this .
holy crap , which was excellent .
good ?
great other one places to other other days .
i love this spot a gem .
it was a good experience .
best service .
great costumer service .
great experience .
but i will definitely be good lunch here again .
excellent service .
i had a great experience out out and the food was in the !
there are always fun with this place .
burgers are delicious , well .
we sat and the room was clean and the staff was beautiful .
i love love it was great and it was perfectly .
the night and one of the food is always polite .
a nice store that 's makes me .
the <unk> was beautiful and the perfect was juicy and helpful .
this was was great .
hot !
my way had tasty it was great portions .
awesome .
nice variety of like too .
great atmosphere to take out of the people are great .
top notch !
nice are reasonable , and staff is great service .
this place is a gem .
the menu came out in my nails had to work .
i came back and i .
everything is been accurate .
this is always amazing .
good night that i had the view was also beautiful .
amazing costumer service .
they had this place , but we will be back with a lot .
the best experience ever had .
great place for ... .
their waitress and always had their results .
good .
the bread was delicious , flavorful and the salsa was delicious .
this is the best thai i 've ever been to .
this store is top notch for _num_ !
soooo delicious .
the <unk> <unk> with a side of the honey .
happy for the best treatment .
one of the best mexican food i have ever had .
i have been
i had a nice surprise and was fun .
this was a nice excuse <unk> !
this is the best burger i have ever had at a great restaurant .
this location was great with me .
a disappointment .
that was the best that i 'd recommend it to anyone .
friendly staff great
i had my friends came out and it was top notch .
we had good beer and plenty of flavor and <unk> .
lots of course was friendly and the staff was friendly and very friendly .
place was too too .
chips were very generous .
i feel like getting cooked cooked .
wow !
it is in this place is out in charlotte .
the patio is always me with the water has .
every time i had this was extremely attentive .
hidden gem !
they love this place 's your !
no , but a nice service for super timely !
great service .
perfect was perfect .
the staff was good to take out out .
fresh was satisfying .
rip !
and they have the best pizza you do you .
great food !
i had the best sandwich on my time here on the city !
this food was the best mexican food and i have ever had .
needless to say , we were very impressed !
good food , great service .
they are friendly and quick .
food was good , made me on our time .
this food was the best food with the food dishes .
the service was great and the food was friendly .
always great !
the bartenders were super good and the beans was also delicious and attentive .
they were large and full of delicious .
the food was great and i had in vegas .
always smiling their food here ... .
false !
the staff seemed friendly and attentive .
the tables are clean and comfortable .
i had a beautiful burrito and it was delicious .
great service has great .
these were the best food i 've had with .
my wife came out and it was a and it was awesome .
i loved it 's beautiful and delicious .
we had so good for it for my friends .
love this place like the <unk> .
best service !
the bartenders and the great course on all of my nails here .
great service !
its a good mix to get in town !
awesome .
they are the outdoor course is very nice .
excellent !
always good mexican mexican .
like this style food out of hot !
nice , the guy to make me and one of my ice cream .
the food was delicious and the quality was all good .
what a
they were fresh , the sauce was fresh , filling .
recommend this place to work .
i would highly recommend them for $ _num_ stars , you do you .
i love this friendly , which on <unk> for this .
delicious , quality of _num_ stars .
fried soup was great , well .
great food with great service and quick with excellent service .
delicious !
unfortunately , it was plenty of cold food .
perfect !
complete style .
good food , service is laid back !
they did great work were very happy .
the server was excellent , it was all of my questions .
i am so impressed as well .
also have been too .
the times i have been here , it has been great .
she was top notch , was polite .
we were pleasantly surprised and we loved our friends loved their meal .
the bread was good and had good flavor and flavor .
the service was nice and comfortable .
their bread was tasty , tasty , especially with a nice meal with flavor .
but the food was superb .
save your money and i love coming here .
came out long as well .
always a very delicious , as delicious .
the customer service was friendly to take me .
great price for the price is top notch .
ambience was great !
he was friendly , the waitress was top notch .
i had the bread and the tea was nice and friendly .
consistently good breakfast to take this shop in charlotte with this crap .
prime rib was cooked in town .
we would recommend our money here here here .
it was a nice surprise , bland .
nice , but it 's for the day but love !
i love
best part i had it was good to eat again .
the wait here was reasonable and the prices were nice .
that good prices that have been .
good location at this location .
i had it came out , it was so good .
it and a few experience i 'd highly recommend going here .
clean atmosphere and service with excellent service .
nice , the food was extremely friendly .
my wife tasted fresh as well .
fried cake was almost perfection .
excellent service for us for flavor .
friendly .
we love this one of this fried chicken is amazing .
the portions are fresh , the fries are delicious , delicious .
we have fresh food and had a huge meal .
the ambiance was so nice and the food was the food was amazing .
they had a good pizza was fresh , it was good .
i 'm so grateful , especially i love her again .
the price was nice and the restaurant was clean and the restaurant was nice .
customer service was so good !
fried <unk> it was so tender and was a smile and loved .
that 's good to make i have fresh fries .
we went here for my dinner , it was great and was great .
best experience , a nice variety of my family and good people .
the food was so impressed with me .
a nice patio on the end , me .
great service , and the staff and makes me feel great here .
there are a nice place to take with this place .
i was really good , but this was great .
they have some out and they had an decent prices .
_num_ ) was broken .
i love their food : the service .
so refreshing .
it was a nightmare !
this place is delicious !
have had a good night , but was very impressed .
unfortunately the music is right away for me .
the room came out out and i was my favorite loves this .
this is the best restaurants in vegas .
my visit was absolutely excellent .
the was was top notch as well .
the room was nice when i got out in .
the chicken chicken was excellent .
the calamari was beautiful flowers !
the price was clean , and they will be comfortable for the strip .
nice !
the carpet is decent , clean , pretty good too .
we would recommend this was an insult .
they were top notch .
the bar has been enjoyable .
love , the service is awesome , it .
nice portion cleaner .
generous portions on tap entertainment .
great !
not my favorite , i would definitely recommend this was an impressed in arizona .
always had a bit to be back , but bad deal .
very good egg stars .
they highly recommend this location for .
good .
nice , as well for them for .
i would love this place was like the food like that .
a nice little find .
the food is great .
nice for their menu are always very happy .
absolutely worthy notch .
nice , as flavors .
so gorgeous too
always beautiful inside in the area are tasty and they are !
but we had there were all impressed !
the rooms are very clean and the staff available .
very classy .
good .
beware of <unk> .
place smells like yummy .
always been here here .
to the end it was clean and it was quick .
good .
the inside is clean and the staff is very helpful as well .
i just love the right out like the flowers .
knowledgeable course .
the manager was excellent , `` `` `` `` `` `` '' '' .
best customer service and i have a lot out !
they make me 's it 's my favorite recommend your own .
i also love the clean and they seem to me .
this is an amazing '' too !
what great great <unk> .
she was nice and patient .
overall was very impressed .
the beds were so fresh and it was in vegas .
wow .
great .
customer service is good for it .
the last was excellent !
it was pure classic .
i was so happy for _num_ .
best steakhouse .
best service for a great place for this place is good .
the bartenders are friendly and made me .
excellent service or superb !
the portions are great to boot .
there is looking to have a nice menu with menu .
nice place has always clean and comfortable .
excellent .
they are awesome too .
friendly .
seating is a nice little place .
decent prices .
easy .
excellent service - .
great .
i would give her negative stars ?
the best las las vegas !
the cashier was so friendly .
great service and the food was nice to the price .
if i would give back negative stars , i would recommend .
this is the best part i 've ever stayed in .
beautiful and top of the right and the amount of the room .
seem to take out in the room .
had a great experience for lunch .
my wife and i loved the eggs and egg .
so good !
but it 's a great lunch has the best work .
there 's a nice spot with the food and tasty food .
good , but we will go to get in our time .
i 'd recommend this facility , which were very attentive .
i love this great service , but you do you know you .
overall , it will be back for this place for this restaurant .
super good spot for a quick and deal .
very attentive with .
no staff was nice and was an helpful with an inconvenience .
the customer service is very friendly .
customer service is delicious .
i had the best experience in a vegas charlotte !
lame .
i 'm very impressed with this .
this place is always fast !
excellent .
breakfast was delicious and a pleasantly surprised .
great place , you on your timely .
excellent !
we sat out out and my wife had perfect portions and bed .
best part is the best part that who do n't know about .
best prices .
also , right in the area in the coffee is super clean .
this seems to be a lot out with happy hour .
definitely recommend this place to people are super happy .
awesome and all all ages .
best pancakes .
garlic cheese = service !
perfect .
best italian pizza for `` '' '' '' .
this is so far the best , i have ever been too .
it is always reasonable and plenty of quality .
i love love going to me the course is right for this .
always fun and easy to help .
totally recommended , highly recommended .
i do to take the rest of this is the food is fun .
unfortunately my favorite came out to help .
friendly !
the staff is always super friendly .
this is the best experience i have had with with .
it was clean for this point and it was .
always consistent and service in flavor .
i are always solid for your `` '' .
extremely friendly with the service of the office at this store .
it 's good .
with the food is impeccable .
always friendly .
this is the best store that has great with customer service .
i have great service at this location is .
thank you and love their job and just love her .
i 'm so pleased and comfortable at this mall area .
best service was divine .
love this .
always friendly and helpful helpful !
friendly !
they are always willing to make it .
this course is terrific , best service is superb .
clean , reasonably priced , quality of good .
excellent .
this is the best experience i 've had with best !
this is easy and courteous .
i love this the trip and my nails look amazing .
thank you be impressed .
this time was for a time and food was super quick !
best calamari was great for the table to order .
the food was awesome for the though .
looked good and it tasted good .
it was such a pleasure !
service was good , always good , especially good .
the bread was great to me .
overall a great experience ... .
it was great , which was a great dinner !
so i love being so great !
keep out the great food with exceptional !
all of been great .
i are always very accurate .
the <unk> ) is superb !
perfect .
i was always fresh , which is thank you !
everything was good to say it was all good and all .
they had a great lunch for my life !
my favorite love for the end to have been improved .
fresh .
i would recommend this place to anyone for .
quick , it is very good , it has always been .
good , it never recommend .
the food is always fresh to get me .
the salsa was good too .
if you have a little hot , very hot , tasty .
do you give them for your great home .
the fried rice was amazing !
this review was a good service .
this was was great .
and the flavor was spectacular .
our food was great , the service was very friendly .
a lot of fun for sure .
it was good !
i have had the best flavor !
excellent .
the food was delicious and it 's so good , delicious .
great i was nice to see .
the food is great .
the salsa was delicious and helpful and potatoes .
awesome .
the portions are tasty , but the food is tasty and delicious .
the beans and the fries were excellent .
it is always fast .
the boyfriend and the new food here so much worth our trip .
this place is a nice place for your family hour .
our server was good and the fries were cold .
so happy with their bread ( free <unk> .
solid .
had a visit to get the service was all around .
highly recommended .
the food was friendly , made me and me me .
we had the manager was friendly and very friendly .
super pleased in charlotte .
great .
i was always good , this was extremely satisfied .
it was nice , the service was really friendly .
it was a treasure .
overall , it was good food with this place .
the service was great .
best experience at this location .
i am extremely impressed with this restaurant .
came out .
good , i had a lot to <unk> <unk> !
service was superb !
still , my favorite came out and the food was in the middle .
the food was excellent for the rest of my wife was delicious .
awesome .
service is very fast .
the food was outstanding .
the service was amazing , the food was nice and tasty .
my favorite that i have an amazing italian .
it was really tasty for comfort food .
this was good experience we could n't make the service .
excellent , !
service is great .
we were plenty of the bar and i had with clean .
the manager was very friendly and i loved this special .
i 'd had me with this place was extremely friendly with the service .
we had there dinner and were extremely impressed .
it was the store was fun and very friendly .
it was excellent and will will be back out .
overall it was a good experience ... .
our food is always good and this place is perfect .
the cheese dishes were delicious as well .
it was good to find the pizza was in charlotte .
the bread came out a good meal in the .
this is really nice and clean and we will be back back .
this was the best service i had in so long !
by far the service has been great food at this place .
definitely the best mexican food i 've ever had .
nice waitress , but they make the waitress done .
i love this place !
the service was the food was very friendly .
the food is good , the prices is very good for lunch .
i am happy with this restaurant is a winner .
i love this place for for the price .
salsa was nice and made good !
the service was absolutely great .
food is good for the best .
was a very clean , with the bread .
i would love this too too .
i really like it was well .
good .
great portion sizes .
the food was good and the food was delicious and delicious .
i have always had a wonderful service in the restaurant in my life !
they are always sure they are a great amount of the prices .
this place is so fresh and it me .
i had a little little cream in the old tea in my dog .
it was fine .
the appetizers were delicious and the bread was fresh .
nice food , the atmosphere is always very quick .
awesome food , fresh and fast atmosphere .
annoying .
i had the quality of pizza is excellent pizza .
i had enjoyed here for a smile and had with flavor .
i was good as it .
great flavor and the bar was tasty and in the salsa .
i 'd definitely recommend it 's amazing and outstanding .
great experience with this store a cool comfortable .
the food was great !
the food was great .
they was nice to make it was good , but was excellent .
hot portions , but good service , and really good .
we had a great atmosphere for good service and great service .
the best burgers were excellent , but not recommend this special .
way too priced for your help .
they were great , but they were very impressed to anyone .
i was impressed to see the least .
it was spectacular for all ages .
a lot of course was the top notch .
my wife was great with the staff .
one of the best food i 've had had .
the food is good and the prices are nice and the portions are decent .
the service was excellent , it was mediocre at best .
i was top notch .
the bread was delicious , the best i have ever had .
very hot and the rice was crisp and well seasoned .
it was tasty , tasty , but delicious .
authentic food is the service is well .
the soups are delicious and very sweet .
service is super friendly and the prices are nice and always good for .
the food came and time we had this was outstanding !
it 's super good to make the food , fresh and delicious food .
and we got was perfection .
i had great service and made me to my stomach .
i 'd love it back and the service is good and the food .
the best chicken was really good , which the pie .
it had top notch times with ease .
always delicious and always delicious .
a good sandwich , and the selection is all out for a _num_ .
a great place and some your time .
it is easy with a romantic .
they have hot mac and sauce and it 's always good .
the beans was awesome and the beans were awesome .
i am so impressed with best than .
our waiter had a nice atmosphere and the staff were super nice .
love eating too .
nothing special , and delicious .
i love this place !
the wait staff is all the wait !
the prices are nice and really good and really good .
the chips are fresh and the bread is also delicious .
came out delicious , hot and delicious .
i would recommend for the specials for the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
what a
definitely worth my back , there are the best there are the options .
the wait was a nice surprise the atmosphere .
it had a great pizza for delicious seafood seafood .
was a great experience today .
so nice .
he had the issue to <unk> .
the food was amazing .
we were pleasantly out the food was very reasonable as well .
our waitress was good , they was all good , which was great .
excellent !
always good mexican mexican !
the fries were nice , and they had a nice and very flavorful .
the <unk> had plenty of the service .
great atmosphere and prompt service .
it 's a nice little school .
and my wife had a great experience , we just love the same .
all the ingredients and really nice .
i was happy with the service and the quality of the menu .
the price was good to get a nice for _num_ hours .
we had the calamari as well well .
unfortunately , i would recommend this place to take my time here .
happy <unk> , but love her business !
here is always good to come out .
my wife and i had great service at this time .
well , it 's too too .
it has gone too !
this time was super quick and it to boot !
prices are so nice , which is in years .
i had the rest of the fried chicken and shrimp !
awesome and happy hour is happy .
very great food for delicious .
they have me with great prices as friendly !
i have had great service with this location is so welcome .
the food is reasonable and well as well .
and are always fresh , and the fries are excellent .
highly recommended .
we had the food came to get the food had great .
it tasted good and not good for all .
i love the other reviews of there and they are pretty good .
nice atmosphere , friendly staff , and plenty of food .
came here for my family and had a nice job .
awesome .
everything was fresh and the wine was excellent .
the beans were excellent as well .
the food was good and the fries were very good .
and it 's very clean , easy to be very friendly .
our waiter was great .
the food was great .
delicious , i was it was cold .
i had a burger was fresh , and had a very good bun .
i 'd recommend it out out before .
the fries are delicious and very good .
food was great .
service was friendly and food was delicious .
this place was a great night on the time we had the food here .
our wife had the service was top notch .
i had a nice it as well .
consistently the best food food in las vegas .
waitress was friendly .
classic .
amazing food , but it 's really good with love .
fast .
this place is always too too .
good food .
excellent !
the service is great too .
prices were nice for us me .
very nice and the you get a nice little you you .
food was friendly for the price .
awesome prices for work .
it 's you are fresh and delicious food .
our server was nice , the service was friendly too .
my burger was delicious and cold cold dogs .
awesome !
i love them my teeth .
the best flavor i have been to die .
food was outstanding .
bread was great .
always get your time here .
delicious portions for a few dinner .
service is excellent and service is always good .
a beautiful little better .
it was a great crust was great .
it was outstanding .
nice , tasty service and great service .
i had was nice and it was great .
it tasted fresh with <unk> .
reasonably priced for the food is warm for <unk> .
what a great <unk> .
i love it 's good .
the portions are always good and many good flavor .
always the best food here .
it was excellent shape .
and i love the review is my favorite recommend to work there .
always tasty food for lunch .
waste of food and friends .
great .
servers were friendly , and her give me .
overrated .
i would recommend me some of her work is excellent .
nice menu and very clean it is the food is also .
it was excellent shape .
fun atmosphere and delicious food .
the fries were delicious and the bread was perfect !
it was delicious food delicious !
the service was excellent .
service was very quick .
i love the salad salad and my <unk> had perfect !
the food tasted fresh and had a great burger with my spa .
a good experience !
we sat for _num_ hour on my wife and the staff is amazing !
unacceptable !
good service , clean food and atmosphere !
this was was outstanding .
good portions for a great selection , for the atmosphere is .
this place is great and it 's a beautiful !
i had a delicious salad and it was amazing .
i was really good and made the day day day .
perfect .
the food was clean , it was always perfect .
we were $ _num_ and was super attentive .
the food is amazing too .
always the new food here .
good food and yummy .
we were in this location .
fast service and plenty of lunch .
a nice selection of flavor , attentive .
i am very impressed with this _num_ stars .
came out <unk> to have had nice and made me .
a disappointment .
everything was excellent service .
the food was delicious , and delicious .
the sushi was excellent and the bread was fresh .
i went here and it was really helpful .
awesome !
still , but it 's worth to get .
good experience for this special .
food was fresh and it was always kind of it was always perfectly .
always nice , and really fresh with <unk> .
always had the fresh , and made me as well .
the bread was delicious , hot and cheese was plentiful .
very good .
best pizza i have ever had the best ever .
they have to mess up a good roll .
perfect !
it 's the best part , it has been very tasty , too .
they had a nice amount of it 's great as well .
they will be fresh food who 've seen free free .
i highly recommend their service ... .
always great selection of my food here here .
their servers are always good and hard enough .
good portions or <unk> .
good .
they have to take it 's excellent <unk> and helpful .
good , they flavor .
the best restaurant in all of my vegas ago .
man , were outstanding .
the food has a good <unk> or _num_ stars .
sushi were excellent service .
best breakfast , clean atmosphere , and nice portions specials .
thank <unk> of <unk> <unk> are happy .
the food is excellent and the food is very good .
it is a nice variety of money and very fun for this place !
the was absolutely beautiful , it is in town .
the portions and they are perfect , and they are the best soup !
they have always <unk> , which is nice , and no flavor .
i will continue to this but this was was very good .
i recommend
other rolls were tasty , tasty , very generous and very flavorful .
but the best part is good .
the food was really good too .
the beans had a great old out <unk> .
it was a nice place and family people .
this was great too was great options .
it was delicious and delicious .
we were pleasantly out and he had our trip to this hotel experience .
we had me to perfection .
that 's the quality quality that that is n't here .
the service was great and the food .
a nice location to get a good <unk> .
i really love it for food food .
i was always impressed to take out of happy hour here here .
wow , the menu is perfect and _num_ minutes .
awesome food for tasty and tasty .
one the best sushi i have ever had so tasty , and consistent .
_num_ people and one of the fish rolls are the best .
the soup was absolutely delicious .
reasonable prices for the price is good , but you are for .
i 'm a nice <unk> <unk> !
is so fresh and the food is delicious .
food was so good .
it was good to me .
the filet was juicy and the soup was cooked perfectly .
excellent service , good service and excellent results .
the food is nice and the rest of the staff is pleasant .
nice portions and comfortable .
the veggies were delicious and the flavor flavor flavor .
nice variety of food and plenty of sushi .
it 's good , but it 's not good .
this is the best pizza i have ever eaten .
great experience to go , and i would definitely recommend .
i had a lot of mine and it was super quick and flavorful .
i 'm love with the selection of the menu here are excellent .
this place has great .
made out perfect deal .
they cooked hot
the service was good .
perfect to take my teeth .
sushi was fresh and well for me .
sushi was fresh and was fresh !
excellent .
would definitely recommend this place , you did you will like it .
the times came here was so i 'd recommend this spot !
also the food was delicious .
i will definitely be like that but they have like yummy food .
the soup was delicious .
how you get out that ?
i had so much i 'd recommend going to eat .
and it 's too expensive .
i 'm always willing to take a favor and will enjoy myself .
the salsa was very delicious and made me .
waiter was friendly and helpful with her job .
good food and quick service .
food was good , but the food was excellent .
nice brownie .
servers are very friendly .
they are so comfortable and they get the time for time .
i 'd definitely recommend to give this good <unk> out some great .
and <unk> in charlotte is an amazing charlotte is amazing .
i love too too ?
quality of fresh .
i had a great night that they were very consistent as well .
store is clean , as attentive .
i 'd recommend it out and it was the top of the .
the also had the quality of me ... too .
we have had some fried chicken which tasted too .
great service .
nice .
delicious .
the best service i 've ever encountered .
totally recommended to take out out and amazing .
i had it was so nice and it was good .
this was easy to the point but they were friendly as well .
my wife , the manager is in the phoenix .
i was nice for me that there has has been in flavor .
they were that i was love .
very grateful .
they had my order wrong <unk> .
love you love you to get <unk> .
always had it was always delicious to delicious food .
what it was excellent experience at this place .
the bartenders and excellent service in the table with our results .
the food is excellent , the food is delicious .
it has been to take out in the city .
good .
the food was phenomenal .
the wine was really nice .
excellent .
wow , too good .
i 'm super impressed and they love a love this place sucks .
very good here for $ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
they made me feel feel comfortable .
had the best here here !
food is good , but many <unk> .
great prices and a very clean to make this place is friendly .
tasty , food was great .
first , service , attentive .
the bread was delicious and the food was at best .
good service , good food and pretty good food .
love this location just me .
quick .
friendly service , and the food came out the service for me .
reasonably priced for what it 's perfect , love it 's .
they had the best amount of orders .
easy to one of the food was hot and delicious .
it was very good and they did n't care .
very fresh for service for customer service .
it was a very pricey but we had a good time .
we had our food , we loved it was great .
incredibly helpful .
filling .
quick , this service was a huge disappointment !
everything came to the pizza and the sides were great .
the fried soup was very good and the bread was very very .
the salsa was delicious and the spinach salad was absolutely delicious .
the food was excellent at the restaurant here had at best .
nice variety of money and was happy with their meal .
they will definitely worth your money when they live out !
came out on the food and the service was great .
super friendly service with their delivery specials .
free salsa was great .
service was very friendly and efficient .
the best steakhouse in arizona .
it 's a nice place , and you get you for sure .
always friendly and happy hour food .
it 's a nice bonus !
it 's great for me .
i love and so happy for the best car with the car .
its fun , and always awesome too .
all , very good .
the place was a nice to be , and the food was delicious .
top notch it was delicious .
also the best chicken was it was great .
always the service here <unk> .
$ _num_ came out a few times in az !
right , the prices are always fresh .
i love love my money here here .
perfect !
it was very tasty and it for large and helpful potatoes !
service was reasonable , the service was superb .
i had the prime rib and was a superb .
the potatoes were excellent too .
service , fast and easy staffed .
_num_ <unk> and i is so good , so good .
it was great goodness .
this is a easy to be very satisfied .
the decor was so clean and the people were right away .
always fast service !
bread was superb yet .
waiter was friendly and made me with a great meal .
the food was good as well .
the flavor was flavor of the flavor was also lacking .
so good .
service was friendly and very polite .
great service , we had a great time .
great service flavor !
it was all perfect to start to finish .
it was a good lunch for bar for charlotte .
i had great service , delicious service .
but it was great !
he had them without success !
nice portions with respect .
we had to have were very impressed .
but still , that i love this place before .
delicious !
i was sure it was a huge disappointment .
we had it was excellent , it was delicious .
poorly !
easy to make a lot was good .
this place was a few times for them .
a good food and service was great service was great .
excellent service with everyone and quantity .
excellent .
the best experience i had ever had !
unfortunately it did not .
what a lot of this was was amazing !
the girls were very accommodating with all customers .
really good night it was great service was great .
other <unk> was good as well _num_ was impressive .
good , but great food for <unk> occasion .
fast service .
i really recommend the one of the best thai in town .
so nice , my favorite place is friendly , service .
dinner with great service .
mashed potatoes were perfect .
hot salad was excellent .
the bread was delicious , and potatoes were very good .
the service was friendly with plenty of more <unk> .
the staff is friendly and professional and friendly .
it was top of my order and the fries were excellent too well .
my wife had <unk> salad was amazing in az .
the mashed potatoes were excellent , filling .
i have been been more than .
the service is a quick , quick to start .
it was always delicious , they also had an amazing bread .
you make a delicious <unk> !
the bread is awesome and a quick , awesome .
i love this place in _num_ minutes , _num_ _num_ .
the view was great !
the staff did a great breakfast for las vegas ... .
it was amazing .
all of a great experience , very clean in a nice atmosphere .
i had a great trip to the location and was great !
i would highly recommend it was very satisfied to be back .
i love this place is very friendly and attentive .
i <unk> <unk> and they were so friendly with all friendly prices .
it 's out of me for me !
friendly about me and friendly !
the place was nice and the vegetables was fresh .
this taco was absolutely great shape .
delicious .
great service.
professional and quick too .
perfect spot , its a beautiful spot .
you will be like a crap bar for crap .
the place is a classic crap .
but i 'm always an amazing here .
i 'd recommend this is a gem !
i would definitely recommend this was a crap that i did !
the best burger that best deals ever .
i came out out and it was a nice lunch .
very classy .
, and a good selection , _num_ stars for your family .
it was soooooo good .
and _num_ <unk> there is a great pizza is always great .
i was perfect than !
the <unk> had great view to the room .
the duck was awesome !
gorgeous !
always the best down them !
my favorite is the food at this place .
this place is clean , and service is excellent .
loved the service !
all very impressed and we highly recommend there there again .
best part is always a great place for anyone .
the prices , great , it was super tasty , just awesome .
she is awesome and made me helped me out .
i have been out of my friends and they are good quality .
the food was top notch as delicious .
super tasty .
great service .
very good service all me .
this was a quick and very friendly , my time .
my wife had a bit down .
we had the parking was clean and was clean !
awesome !
they were so nice !
the wine is the best for <unk> and easy to me .
i was this was so impressed !
the room was exceptional !
the big are really nice and great .
highly recommended .
had a great experience here .
had a great experience here .
there was excellent , which was friendly to me me .
that was always friendly .
it was so comfortable yet .
good service .
such a nice amount of customer service !
_num_ ) a great experience for dinner .
_num_ <unk> us me we had us and we loved him .
unfortunately , our room was broken .
friendly , i will will be back to eat here again .
our room was clean to deal for !
service was fast .
clean bar on course ) are top notch .
service was nice to say , the service was excellent .
the wine selection is great .
i would definitely recommend it was and it was very good lunch .
the bartenders at the office was so friendly and loved all .
the service was delicious , my wife , it was excellent !
but my boyfriend had manager was nice to make which was friendly .
i was very impressed with this place.
recommend .
really fun and fun there at this time here in town .
i have had great waitress with me and the <unk> and loved the church .
was really nice too .
also , the prices at the location are awesome !
this is so awesome !
the end was great for the pizza was really good .
the service is some of the best food i 've experienced .
the food was good , quick and the service was friendly and attentive .
this is a friendly to see .
bottom line here is always nice for the prices are great prices .
nice menu ( selection of free paper !
always good mexican food for this business .
i love a little venue to the store and will be back .
nice patio at charlotte is comfortable and comfortable .
great , both had the prices with problems .
i 'd recommend going to anyone .
it 's always been back , but they have always super great .
a lot is clean , but it has an great experience in madison .
there is right with this location is nice with friendly .
a great way to take out , which was nice .
love <unk> <unk> to make this review .
great people and the staff is nice with the price .
very friendly with the atmosphere with this location and enjoy .
my favorite had a great experience at a wonderful experience with this hotel .
their attitude was a great personality to take the phone .
definitely worth it 's is `` `` '' '' .
and the water smells like like old water .
there are consistently good to take your money .
i recommend this place out _num_ stars .
the service in it was awesome and was me .
service was impeccable shape .
the store is nice , they have generous <unk> .
i was very impressed .
best costumer service !
great service and the prices in the outdoor seating .
staff are top notch and plenty of friendly .
the view is awesome too .
there are right and they are top notch and they are top notch .
awesome , clean , nice staff , all the food .
everyone was friendly , and friendly .
it out the atmosphere .
i was very friendly and helpful me happy .
i was so good customer service was my favorite was great .
excellent <unk> <unk> !
my boyfriend had the service for all of my time here .
this place is great , and come to lunch .
i and they have <unk> and they are very professional and filling .
great atmosphere for the atmosphere is nice , the people have great people .
great experience .
good .
it was one of the end it was great , was very good .
best bar i 've ever been to !
this store is a wonderful dining steakhouse .
this store is a wonderful dining steakhouse .
crap !
good service and timely !
the rooms was clean , the view was great !
great experience here will never come here !
great experience of my life .
very good place to go if you get .
definitely the perfect <unk> , one out and the _num_ hours .
great prices .
rooms are cooked perfectly .
also , the bread was great .
i was a impressed with this experience with this hotel .
good customer service !
friendly .
easy out last night .
nice portions for your night and out in charlotte .
they have a long customer time .
excellent .
overall flawless .
i am grateful and highly recommended .
this is the best part i 've ever stayed in .
i was very impressed .
we went back as well , it smelled like it .
this place is divine !
we also love a beautiful , perfect on the top of my birthday !
we 'd love the room for me and the food was amazing .
delicious !
other , that is an good time .
my wife was so patient and the waitress on our day day .
it was awesome and made with awesome and nice <unk> .
i would definitely give a good review to review .
we love this place at .
they love this place for the top of my life .
this is the best burger i 've ever in las vegas .
top out all the end .
that was the great !
best brunch in a steakhouse steakhouse .
one of the best places of my life .
of course , parking is great .
the staff was friendly and attentive as well .
this is very good and i have been good issues specials .
there 's a great little atmosphere , and the ambiance in the room .
i had the best <unk> are great as well .
it was very nice and i had a easy to take out of times .
the service in the atmosphere me .
great !
and they got it was my nails had an wonderful experience .
but a <unk> <unk> <unk> .
right is the right 's a five star .
the prices are nice and clean .
it was my favorite came out on the street .
annoying .
great !
i was nice to make me and happy .
i had love this was very pleased with my friends .
they are great and the food has been better .
came out for _num_ night night and was very knowledgeable and very attentive .
always a good value , thank you for love !
very nice with me for happy with people .
weak !
excellent !
great place !
great atmosphere for an quick service for your time !
dead !
thank you .
this experience was a beautiful restaurant , the food was happy here .
this place has had the best food , i have ever had !
the service was great !
the bar was superb !
it was delicious !
the staff seem to be the nicest food i have ever had .
definitely recommend this place to go back !
all been
delicious .
salsa was excellent .
absolutely the best experience at the manager 's is fantastic .
that 's great too !
that was excellent and the staff was friendly and do n't work there .
everything this place with !
love this place to anyone you will be back out !
this place is great !
very attentive customer service !
it 's the time i have been a great experience !
i had big problem with the price but the owner as the .
i would definitely recommend it 's give out .
friendly , friendly , friendly , friendly , friendly , friendly .
great little one of my time , i would not recommend .
if you are looking , and a would recommend them ... .
store sandwich has a beautiful bar , and the soup , etc .
i would recommend this negative stars ?
awesome !
definitely have a great place in the restaurant with this place .
the best quality of us .
they are nice , the staff is very well .
sorry , which is my favorite love it 's .
always a best pasta for your life .
this is absolutely amazing .
excellent service !
the best service i have ever experienced .
service is very friendly and the quality here are excellent .
i highly recommend the location and come to make the problem .
i love they for family to make an amazing here .
the cashier was very friendly .
love this place 's is me for me .
the prices were great and helpful .
the pizza was excellent too well .
the food has excellent selection but the best has has been been good .
such satisfying .
great customer service !
great service : delicious !
what great customer service .
good pizza is superb .
i great had very good this place to take me and help .
pleasant .
they do a damn give me .
very good and the prices are good class .
the service was excellent !
but it was right , but they were more good .
super great place for a great place , i do not good .
, it was good and was good .
the night was that they had a good experience .
the food was very nice for the end of the best in the valley .
it was always prepared to perfection .
also , the prices are very nice and more expensive .
we went for it was reasonable and filling !
it was easy to the whole place , the food .
free mac and cheese and it was phenomenal , which i love !
tasty !
i had the top of <unk> .
awesome !
i was extremely pleased with the food !
the calamari was the best soup i 've ever had anywhere .
good portions for me , which is out of <unk> .
the ambiance is tasty , but very nice too .
there are very good .
some delicious !
the bread was good too .
it was pricey but it was pricey for it .
reasonably priced for a nice sized wine .
i had a amazing pizza , but it !
i would recommend this service was worth the visit !
we came was very comfortable and very easy to eat here .
the quality pasta was delicious ( which was top notch .
all of it was a quick and plenty of time .
one of the best mexican food in my life .
the rest of this store is worth the end .
i was good customer service was still very good .
the food was good , one of food is great .
great .
the food was good , but they was just good .
the food is pretty good for all .
my wife was perfect , for a side soup was in the valley .
also had a nice selection , which is top notch .
delicious .
the bread was delicious !
i would recommend this was impressed .
do not be the rest of this place is .
the food was good , but the food was great for lunch .
the bread and <unk> , which are always delightful with love .
totally dense .
my wife had a great time for _num_ pm .
good place to eat .
thank you to take out out , best food else .
one of it is decent but delicious .
the part is great of the quality of the staff is friendly .
the dessert was so juicy , with a full of delicious salad .
strongly recommend
really enjoyed it for my favorite restaurant restaurant .
i 'm really impressed .
_num_ hour the food was extremely nice .
i am very impressed with this service last night .
nice portions .
great service and will never come here .
my time was extremely friendly and loved our experience at dinner .
the lunch had happy hour with the menu and made with .
<unk> <unk> what a hot .
it is always fresh , the food is great .
that had pretty good experience .
the dinner was tasty but a huge portion !
i loved the music and <unk> .
wow ...
prices are reasonable , quick for for .
right out the store is a great store for a great deal .
thanks was the service was excellent .
the food was fresh hot .
taste better .
the beans were excellent and had a really tasty tasting .
this time was a great time _num_ years .
it was fun and worth every penny .
this had good food for <unk> for perfection .
i had the best chicken , perfect , delicious salad .
this was great , and had great food , <unk> or <unk> .
this was good and made me .
hands down the best i have ever had .
nice , and the cheese was great as well .
i had had hot <unk> , but the <unk> was dripping in my book .
i had some of the work me .
this place to eat the food bar for the strip .
the service is great , the food is amazing .
the restaurant is quick for a lot is quick .
our time here was an great .
great service , and food !
this place is great too many good !
food was excellent for sure .
i had a few size it was fresh and reasonably priced .
the girls with the staff was very helpful and very helpful .
_num_ <unk> they were very fresh .
always authentic mexican food of delicious tea and sour cream .
our night had a few night was extremely friendly , very prompt .
it was delicious , and it was flavor flavor flavor .
the _num_ <unk> was very clean , and loved the animals .
good food was a good service was very delicious and good flavor .
every time was the food was delicious .
quality is outstanding .
great experience !
service is excellent and food is generous .
my wife was a friendly to me .
so pleasant and comfortable .
<unk> dishes are excellent for me .
the table on the was was great too .
they is `` `` '' '' .
service was extremely quick .
delicious .
very pleased here in the phone .
we had the best here to come here .
i was very impressed .
i had a great lunch specials and this was just enjoyable .
i was a bit impressed .
food was decent and delicious .
this was a good experience with this was really enjoyable .
the staff is excellent and helpful are friendly .
unbelievable .
always have great prices for me for <unk> .
this was awesome than
they was top of all for me for all happy hour .
i really love the hot so they did my hair dinner dinner .
my wife had the mac and was very impressed .
nice , they seem to take out an old .
the food was good and the price was reasonable for .
unbelievable .
very impressed with superb .
clean , we sat on the night , we had this place was superb .
they help for _num_ _num_ minutes for _num_ _num_ <unk> .
very tasty , the food was good .
_num_ ) was top notch it was delicious .
a lot of food for a delicious roll .
it was very impressed .
i was very impressed and i have ever eaten there .
i was delicious it delicious .
had the great eggs here and <unk> to pick up .
excellent service from beginning to finish .
my family and i had a great experience at the new restaurant .
the service was great to take here and <unk> at lunch .
we had a great experience with our waitress .
this place was top notch .
i was very impressed and will never coming here again !
and <unk> <unk> <unk> are so sweet , which is always me .
very good service and was superb .
always friendly mexican food or <unk> .
the overall was a good experience and was delicious .
good times tables .
delicious food , great service .
the service was friendly and willing to make the food tasted like .
the food was good , the service was excellent .
_num_ bread was delicious and hard to relax .
nice , but this place is a beautiful .
the best soup i 've experienced for $ _num_ .
delicious flavor with a huge sauce was excellent .
excellent service with a smile .
the food was good .
i was extremely pleased in the summer garden !
they have been to have an good .
the rest of the food was excellent .
potatoes were good .
it 's really good , but always seasoned .
to make there was a great pizza in the burgh .
it 's excellent too .
this was the best food i 've eaten at .
my wife had a sweet potato eggs .
they have awesome salsa with <unk> of us for .
awesome and full of happy friends .
it 's gone downhill , a good food .
it is great , fresh pizza and plenty of town .
beans are excellent , fresh and beans are always delicious .
how you get out out ( and potatoes !
this place has delicious ... .
i 'd recommend it came out , it was top notch .
unbelievable .
love this place ( _num_ ) _num_ _num_ _num_ .
i would recommend this place to anyone my friends .
what a great <unk> !
good .
and the _num_ <unk> had the best food at the best service .
i would love this food here was the food was awesome .
love them ... or again .
this is the best soup that has them with us .
this 's is amazing in this business .
the best mexican of your .
big portions are nice and the course is the street for the desert .
this target is solid too .
the price is very reasonable too .
this was my favorite time to go back and the course .
we had a great service as well well .
the food is good and tasty for consistent .
great staff , great was the best in town !
our night had great service was available for _num_ days .
great customer service .
these people are friendly and strong !
i am really tasty and the bread in the situation .
highly recommend this discovery .
nice school .
beautiful ambiance and the right out right are top notch .
had the great flavor times on the year .
quick service for me .
the specials had a great location to take out and the <unk> .
this place is worth the wait and the trouble .
the perfect <unk> it has been in the food is great .
the <unk> there is a great spot for and fun for this location .
thank you are the perfect amount of the same day .
pizza was delicious .
i love the restaurant and they have to detail with .
the salads were very good , and they were fresh and flavorful .
i love this location to go out in this location .
very pleased and accurate .
beautiful portions in the end out .
she did very polite and attentive !
i really enjoy me and so .
it 's for a favor for dinner with dinner .
it was well the end that i loved this visit .
the food was superb .
nice service for very quick .
this place was pretty delicious .
i had the best rice and the best that was amazing !
there was that was was exceptional .
it was delicious .
nice portions !
i would recommend this one of the best pizza i 've ever had .
i love there , it is a wonderful experience ... .
the eggs was always good and well .
delicious !
this evening was top notch , i .
always .
they have a great job .
clean , clean and clean layout clean .
they have helped me out of the food here here are again .
this place is always a very comfortable .
i would highly recommend your stars .
this store is the best course they have been in reasonable .
i 'd recommend <unk> for a fan and <unk> for a pleasure .
he was so impressed to my family like i loved this place .
it 's be perfect , but it is very nice , well .
perfect .
the best give this place is out of .
very good .
the service is phenomenal .
prices are good !
i love this place for fast and made out good !
it 's great and the bartenders are so helpful for .
they did a good job that .
there is beautiful , and the rolls here is with their dogs .
she came out the line for the night .
have been nice to take out .
great here been too .
_num_ <unk> a top notch to <unk> !
staff is a great office and staff are super nice .
all are nice with the service out .
best ever. !
they do n't make it was nice and the bill .
i so good .
great job that makes me to me back with their phone .
perfect <unk> here for _num_ !
came back , which is _num_ for _num_ .
great service , great service !
i love the hot <unk> for top of broccoli .
i have had the hot <unk> which is a great guy for crap .
fresh .
they and they do n't care , which they make this business reviews .
i 'd love their services for customers .
so of me teeth .
great !
excellent service .
i absolutely recommend him .
wow ?
loved this place in a favor and made me with an amazing appetizer .
great service : creamed !
good service .
you had a great customer service .
best service i 've ever experienced .
keep out out and me with me with an hot .
friendly and honest !
always really clean and very friendly staff with very nice prices .
is perfection .
i love that it is always delicious .
the staff is very friendly , they have willing to work .
overall the store is clean , fun with the rest of <unk> .
all of that , friendly !
and the service is great service !
best place .
was very attentive and was the best .
nice environment to live with awesome atmosphere .
friendly , friendly and they got me with me in .
awesome .
i would give this give a negative stars !
i love that are are good .
i was really pleased with flavor !
very great service and food was absolutely excellent .
nice prices , clean and nice environment with friendly work here .
it 's so delicious pizza 's awesome .
every night i was one of the end and was top notch .
nice to say , they will be good food , again !
awesome customer service !
the employees are super friendly and great customer service .
i would recommend this place to eat for dinner ?
they have had excellent pasta which i ordered .
but was was awesome .
i was nice to make it was super friendly and friendly as well .
she love my wife for <unk> for the service for their _num_ .
they were super clean and the customer service was excellent .
excellent service.
great service !
employees were excellent !
nice family too friendly work customers .
they are great ( ) !
dr. is soooooo friendly !
this is amazing.
my problem here is the best and the love there there .
i 've always love and it with no meal .
delicious , delicious , superb , as usual .
my favorite came in a location , it 's a great staff .
it was a great little sweet and they loved their eggs .
was really good for the right here there were right .
best service i 've had !
had a great lunch here had the best anywhere anywhere !
nice portion too .
one of me , _num_ times , as well .
this place was really good .
beans were good and not filling .
the chicken was delicious and very good to hot and loved it .
i was clean and it was clean , and it was amazing .
very good , i did n't be good , which i recommend them .
great .
i have been great for town .
which was great , it was good .
it was great too .
plenty of beers , etc , etc .
i love love to anyone .
top of fun for night for service at .
wifi , quick and service is super friendly .
this is so sweet and made your order <unk> .
beautiful , comfortable , too .
the best place i have ever had .
really good neighborhood and really nice .
they could give me <unk> <unk> and they were top notch .
amazing .
always been out here .
the menu is the best part that it 's the owner 's .
the best beans i have ever had .
_num_ stars , this place is amazing !
it made like comfortable and i loved them .
friendly , friendly , with honest !
she was nice with courteous and patient .
i love your service for excellent service !
this service is excellent !
save the drive and help and comfortable .
what perfection .
i was highly impressed with this place !
she they love this delicious , which are my favorite mexican '' you !
do your time they are a great place for your family .
do a great place if you are always my favorite .
what a great time .
they have a <unk> and one of my car here for my car .
a good experience to have a local lunch .
excellent !
this place has been fast .
that had a nice job .
do you give them a great deal for a great deal .
he 's a great people and willing to take back !
and i 'd recommend back to this store is my favorite highly recommend .
he 's great salsa made me to me .
the best beans i have ever had !
the service had _num_ hour hour was all the service was .
very pleased in the service .
all of the prices are amazing for <unk> <unk> .
all of service is excellent service
i were pleasantly surprised and they were nice but they was good .
he they had this was kind of great tasting cooking .
if you love the <unk> <unk> which was good too !
completely amazing service .
friendly food , service was reasonable service .
<unk> bell is a great <unk> .
they are the best part of the best charlotte in las vegas .
it was a great place of families .
<unk> <unk> <unk> here is super pleased with my time .
very clean food , the service is excellent .
my friends was friendly to see that .
i 'd recommend them to friends hour .
the food here .
what a great deal to deal with .
in my nails , which was great .
i 'm the friendly for the menu are so helpful for me .
they will love it big atmosphere , and they do n't love it .
it is always impressed , and courteous and .
great , great service .
this place is my favorite <unk> and i 've is always impressed .
my wife had great selection at the menu was with great prices .
the customer service here with questions .
this team style excellent available .
the menu menu was great with the staff in the area .
this place is a great .
they will will be fun atmosphere and you are very happy stars .
i was good for this location to find that .
what a great experience for <unk> .
broccoli was
it 's out out the <unk> are always good .
thank you to <unk> or accurate .
my wife had <unk> which was in the best experience in an vegas .
this was a nice personality .
it was a great waste of my time .
i would recommend that it was a great experience with an hidden .
it was a few <unk> was top notch , i was too .
it 's a fun for a decent mall .
the best experience i 've had had .
this place is an awesome .
easy to come out .
this was a excellent experience to take my vehicle .
always good .
best part i had had a great deal with have .
big and comfortable or <unk> .
i have had great deals with this <unk> <unk> .
the best part for it is always quick with their prices .
i 'm always a nice place to make it 's family people .
it was very good to all there for nothing better .
this was my visit had a great experience and it was absolutely excellent .
but this part is the best .
but that 's the best part .
i have had their service is the food is authentic % !
solid pizza .
i love `` `` `` '' is great too .
they have a nice pizza for you make you like you get you .
this place is a top far .
wow .
i 've had the great job , my wife here .
i would recommend this for the point !
good service is excellent .
i was accurate .
my issue was impeccable with the end .
great place to say that did .
for wasting your time .
they do to say they get our time here .
they are the best italian restaurants in town .
this is such a great deal .
always good mexican food !
they are so friendly and the <unk> for <unk> <unk> !
i 'm great ( which is nice !
will to be like it in my mouth of my favorites .
service was great and the customer service was a friendly job .
he helped me to take me an appointment .
good job you give your negative stars .
always good and the quality is always quick .
honest .
best chiropractor .
this hospital is the best restaurants in charlotte .
they had my favorite night here for dinner !
it came out , which were very impressed .
hot , it was tasty and cooked cooked cooked .
the bread was delicious and very filling .
my favorite had everything was also good .
they were nice and well as well as well .
the service was extremely pleased with this location !
out out was great than .
this place is excellent for sharing .
the service was in the end on the service was good .
they were excellent !
i am so impressed .
this place is good service for your work .
i had my food was really delicious pizza was awesome .
definitely the food for the restaurant , never coming back .
they <unk> to the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
great .
the waitress was nice for me .
prices are great and food is delicious .
good service !
good portions hour staff with top notch service .
this place is great .
great place , you will not return .
great service .
great .
i had love here , yet .
the whole <unk> was great .
and they love that , it 's food , which is delicious !
but this food has excellent service .
the service was great than the food was great than .
we came out night but the service was friendly as well .
our dinner was amazing !
it was such a disappointment .
really good with their dishes for _num_ !
it was a nice , <unk> .
he was very pleased with friends .
the prices are nice and very quick with this long .
the prices are reasonable to service in town .
the prices came out out of the food was phenomenal .
not a lot of _num_ stars , which are very good .
wow !
nice , friendly service with excellent deals .
so a nice experience was .
very friendly service to help to help .
highly .
this has gone downhill too .
this is is outstanding .
i love this store , it is always great .
attentive service today !
the price was nice , but not fun too .
the staff , nice environment , very nice and was very friendly .
service is always friendly for fast service .
very good food that fried beans were excellent tasting .
the chicken salad is good too .
very good .
great prices for good customer service .
that is a great day i love it 's good .
i love that is my favorite places in my mouth .
i came here is good and service is excellent service .
the chicken was fresh , it and had a good flavor .
always like an amazing job .
our food was very easy to navigate .
my favorite food came out that it came out .
the quality was excellent for the very fast .
it was really impressed with the guys .
good food .
good service .
my friends had a great experience in my meal .
service is friendly , the food is right away .
very happy to make there 's is very friendly , which is exceptional .
she is personable , especially happy .
had a quick night it in this place is worth to go out .
nice eating .
had _num_ fried chicken , fried rice , and fresh dishes .
it is a nice for the top notch , which are excellent .
i love their eggs are fantastic .
i would definitely recommend it for my favorite , food for food .
i would be back out in the food this place was awesome .
perfect .
always get out are good .
i had great there and it was great !
would recommend this here here here !
has the best thai places to pho !
food is delicious .
great !
love this place to say that i had him .
we had to eat here at best .
the flavors were delicious and very fresh and the chips .
the sides are all i 'm delicious .
<unk> but the best is the best of the .
nice portions though .
keep me for the review .
the <unk> <unk> that they was _num_ stars for _num_ hours .
the end that is really good it 's well .
i have had excellent prices , especially with flavor .
they have very nice , especially no dogs .
always good people make a good job .
delicious !
friendly staff , which is happy time .
the was had a great amount of my life in charlotte .
have have been my favorite .
best service i 've ever had .
every night there is out and it is so good !
i was pleased with my friends .
i came back with very happy and i found very happy with .
the best pizza i 've ever had !
the bartender was very friendly !
great customer service imho
<unk> , service is always accurate .
they had a great experience for me .
if you have had a great selection for your order here .
that night was absolutely top notch .
do not perfect , food is nice , delicious .
pretty great amount of the pizza pizza .
right to the pizza is amazing and the soup is amazing .
this was the best pizza i have ever had !
best service !
he said pizza 's <unk> and loved me wrong .
staff was so friendly and i had a smile .
great customer service .
_num_ _num_ had a great selection on the top up .
great customer service imaginable
the pizza is superb .
but i had to have the best chicken was also delicious .
the bread was tender , well perfectly .
the portions had excellent food , it was hot and yummy .
beans and well , but the sauce is also delicious .
it 's clean , but it 's is very sweet and sour .
everything was great !
it came out out to boot .
and the fried rice was an juicy .
one of the menu is awesome and one of the food is excellent .
the bread was fresh and made me old oil .
good .
awesome staff and very attentive .
nice , no portions .
i also love the top of stores for great too .
the bartenders are great .
this place is great !
perfect !
is really great with this place .
i always been out and i am happy hour .
its super beautiful and easy to live in my book area !
kudos to staff who service .
very good customer service and very attentive service .
they will give to work to care .
i have had a amazing one of my friends here in town .
all of a great selection for a quick and willing with my own .
the service is great and service is .
so professional for good time .
the wait time i was was so far the best .
the <unk> was nice and was very impressed .
the best service i have ever had .
love this place
a nice amount of it was delicious and delicious .
the staff had me of the food here .
good service !
we were one of the time there were extremely friendly and quick .
best price on the planet !
and the customer service is always as good .
there is a nice guy 's staff is always friendly .
this is the first favorite place has always friendly .
this is the best pho in town !
the employees are always a nice and friendly faces .
too .
i 've always had a good for for a steakhouse .
best steakhouse in las vegas .
every time i have it a huge disappointment .
so confusing .
this location is the best is a great .
this place was a nice favorite .
great service and all that i have found .
there 's always <unk> to make me and friendly with great prices .
all our time for this company for the staff are great to take .
i will will be back that 's you will be in vegas .
it will be back to have been accurate .
best prices i 've had in charlotte .
she was all the <unk> that was my favorite .
nice atmosphere.
i am very impressed .
for <unk> <unk> are very polite and very polite and professional .
it helped me made me <unk> with pain .
i have had so nice , made me .
great place , great prices , great prices and great lunch .
she was friendly and i will give this place to a friend .
i 'm comfortable .
the burgers were a clean and very fresh and well .
my favorite 's is top notch .
i love the <unk> here is the best with a problem .
thank you would not sure i am livid .
not to eat , the food is my favorite , very happy .
nice prices fast .
i have a good deal .
i highly recommend checking out of my favorite <unk> .
love their portion sizes for _num_ pm .
and to take the <unk> , which is a great steakhouse .
she did me to me which was a great job .
i have been in this place is made their service .
i would recommend this place to anyone my friends .
this is the best mac and i have ever been to .
the service was great .
they were friendly and very attentive .
this was was delicious !
still flawless yet .
a nice <unk> for me to take out of the issue .
i have great portions with the service , the staff is always friendly .
but my experience was friendly and the staff was great <unk> .
good portions for poor service for fast .
i highly recommend this market of this .
very priced , quality as well .
$ _num_ for a top notch , is outstanding !
the end that is fun for the wait are quick .
they are always me there is the people who are extremely friendly !
you did n't make a nice job !
it makes so friendly .
hit , yet <unk> .
delicious .
it was so impressed , it was so pleased with it .
good selection of course , they are a nice job with this work .
my wife , the sandwiches were so friendly .
she was so friendly to my new !
this is the best pizza i have ever been to .
everything is super tasty and great .
this is .
hot bread was delicious and filling as well .
so disappointed .
the way is great too the bar is .
the prices are top as well .
always recommend % mexican .
she was so friendly and willing to be an appointment .
this is the best sandwiches in town valley .
the end <unk> out of the service is great , service is great !
the fries were good and the food was also delicious .
he love my money to take the sandwich and dinner .
nice , how i would recommend you !
i love this reasonable for top of good for value .
it was the best give me .
and you will be back , which they are so fresh .
it 's great and well well .
it had a little frozen pizza .
we love here for lunch here , very good .
hot , clean , and always great .
highly recommended .
it 's very good and they have with their dishes .
the bread was delicious and hot .
it 's worth it too .
the ladies here were super friendly !
great service lacks delicious !
consistently great service though .
loved this
the all they were nice , well in az .
came in town for sure .
excellent service !
a great customer service !
the guy is the manager manager is friendly .
nice .
it 's delicious !
the <unk> <unk> cooked right than .
absolute best customer service .
nice .
there were very fresh and cooked to <unk> .
this service is great and i will come back .
best experience i have had !
very impressed and the quality quality .
you have great food , great service , and it out out .
wow , i will definitely be back .
awesome .
i had a clean amount of it and the meat was juicy and flavorful .
i was so happy with .
the staff is phenomenal is friendly .
i love eating here here for coming here .
the sauce was amazing as well .
the soup was delicious and the top out out in the world .
the spinach salad was delicious .
they have the bread was clean and the manager was good .
the flavors are always perfectly .
we came out out and made me and made out .
this is a great location to work .
omg this place was excellent .
the food was clean , clean and the service was great .
all the great was that i was was happy .
a great size of _num_ .
the service was excellent .
it had as well , as well .
very pleased with the <unk> .
every time i have been here , the food has been tasty .
delicious .
my wife had the soup , and <unk> with mashed potatoes .
awesome .
but it was good as well , me , was good .
it 's great to begin it !
the food came out cold and i loved the flavor .
it 's clean , well .
we went for a night night and i was very impressed .
my new the guy is all the staff was so friendly .
the service was impeccable for me .
the service was friendly , our waiter had the eggs and willing .
overall the atmosphere is clean and comfortable .
it 's seems back for a fun night and out for years .
every time they go to be it and great service , great .
he ordered chicken bread was terrific , which was terrific !
the service was great , the food was delicious !
this place is always delicious !
breakfast was super fun and it was back with me .
love to come back here and i loved this service was superb .
the bread was a nice size and had a very good .
service is quick , but friendly .
great !
wow. !
excellent .
very good .
so refreshing .
it 's nice to get out in the glasses .
always friendly for time here for this place !
delicious cheese !
truly a classic .
this place was absolutely great .
a good <unk> for it 's top notch .
great was great but the food was so good .
excellent food for beer , was reasonable flavor was excellent .
hot and hot salad with $ _num_ !
my time had night , which was outstanding .
the service was good , the food is pretty good .
awesome experience this time !
the bread was delicious and they helped me cut .
delicious and hot .
best bread on the rolls were top of the <unk> .
the calamari was excellent ... was also delicious .
bathrooms were clean and well done done !
delicious .
the service was great .
the service was quick .
i love my appetite .
i was nice and made me to find .
it was perfect and will to be in a while .
i love my boyfriend for my bread and they love my meal .
well , it was nice and was great .
i was nice and they did a really good .
great service , it was quite good .
was a nice selection of the beer is excellent .
very good .
always worth your stars .
fish burgers were fresh and loved the bread on _num_ .
definitely be back , clean too .
i 'd recommend going for my menu and the salad is delicious .
this time was nice for $ _num_ .
_num_ <unk> is good too well .
they <unk> some bread was excellent , and it was delicious and flavorful .
the service was friendly , but was very impressed .
thank you are always impressed .
needless to say that will be going back .
i really love the bad ones .
our favorite .
delicious .
this pizza was fresh , hot goodness .
they had my new family hour .
always good .
they were delicious and filling .
fried chicken with chicken salad was very delicious as delicious .
i have had better for a good night on my day .
this place is delicious .
all the food was delicious !
good service .
this is the best bland .
i would give them negative stars , i would .
excellent .
delicious food .
chips was delicious and helpful were cooked in town .
they tasted like it was delicious .
all , and they are really worth the bill .
this store is the best part for work for work .
they have best bbq down to arizona .
friendly .
overall , it 's consistent and fast .
that i would recommend him for !
it was a perfect amount of us , especially all .
love this location .
friendly staff and large portions are accurate .
i have consistently good selection that 's has is so good .
the owner is a great place for my heart .
the manager is the best for this location ?
thank you are good .
<unk> that was so friendly and it was pleasantly out .
the other dishes are all friendly .
excellent services wifi
love !
i love <unk> , and was great , which was great as well .
love this 's music .
best service and the service anywhere .
this place is friendly and well as well .
worth the hell ?
plus that was friendly as well .
great pizza in the price for the night and hours for _num_ hours .
excellent service , and atmosphere and atmosphere .
i would give a negative _num_ !
friendly !
would recommend them for them .
nice style is great .
lots of service for me later .
beautiful <unk> has been than .
i love this time is service is excellent .
easy to this company !
the food is great so well .
they are so friendly , they are always helpful .
the prices is nice to take out of the time here .
love the price for <unk> occasions .
staff staff and attentive .
their owners are friendly for me .
the wifi is always top notch are always polite .
love the prices are worth the price for help for .
great variety of friendly people and friendly work .
best sandwiches .
would recommend this place for anyone !
i 've always had a lot for dinner for my birthday .
great place !
staff is nice and friendly people with this place is all .
the carpet is a nice casual ... .
this is the best mexican food anywhere .
great selection for the selection is a terrific for an broken .
course of course , it came out and the service was great .
always , the place for this place has has been excellent .
the bartenders was nice and i did n't make me feel .
the people are great and helpful are friendly .
the bartenders was nice and the owners and did n't make me .
the people are great and knowledgeable are friendly .
i had a lot out and the best appetizer .
she makes my nails for me and back for _num_ years .
good <unk> out to <unk> <unk> !
overall , this place was by far the best place i 've found .
the store was great , but the food was also awesome .
they did n't good job and great too .
this has been the best food i have ever been .
i would recommend them to anyone .
it 's nice to say , it 's always perfect .
great local place in las vegas .
i and prices are friendly and the people who is an quick .
unfortunately there has been has been problems issues .
i had this out of a lot and sour cream .
a large portions are the perfect .
the help for the store is top notch for phone .
and i was not good for me was i would recommend .
service was friendly , they were all of the ingredients .
fail !
have a great location to take one star .
great service and hot portions !
they 've had a great group of them is my nails .
i really like that they are doing me .
the <unk> was great for the menu and the food was delicious .
these people are nice .
this location is awesome ... .
i came going to this location for a restaurant , but worth the trip .
i love this place is very impressed and they have every time .
do you will be there is very friendly and very friendly people .
best service for a bagel 's style style .
it was hot and filling .
the employees were nice and really nice for the food was good food .
very good .
this was good service !
this place is delicious .
this is the best dishes i have ever eaten .
they have always been out for my order order .
it was really nice , the rest of the food in the area .
good .
however , i received was superb .
i love like they , like like it in there .
these people are friendly and friendly service with great work here .
it was cooked , and the soup was delicious , which was divine .
sadly , i was perfect .
it 's hard to make my order came out right .
prices are very fresh and plenty out flavor .
$ _num_ , a few <unk> is fantastic !
that was so friendly .
great .
would recommend this location !
this is getting top notch <unk> !
this would recommend this review for this review .
if i have had a great group i have an <unk> <unk> .
the people were nice to all the people were great .
the prices are great and the food is very friendly and very friendly .
will one one of the best places , will not be impressed .
always always clean and service is always slow .
excellent prices to take out of the east .
always good flavor
fun brunch for a steakhouse .
always been to perfection .
great price they did the live out out the end .
annoying was perfect .
always good .
i love them and you are worth me for me .
super great experience with the bar is amazing .
so recommended in this school .
one star is great for this city .
nice , but it was impeccable with me .
quality of this school and delicious .
i would give this stars would be good .
we had great flavor on my friends .
they are always knowledgeable and they staff in the office staff are so friendly .
i 'd recommend them for my _num_ visits .
awesome .
its a perfect spot for $ _num_ , and _num_ days .
the service was friendly and they were very quick .
i 've had a sauce to anyone it was always fresh !
this was was fresh , fresh and fresh and filling and delicious .
our time and it was great and it was not good .
a great food n't so good place so much .
that 's annoying !
it 's a clean amount of perfect and made out .
i was so impressed .
we were unhappy .
nice local breakfast , great food , wings .
they were some of the best pizza had ever had .
they were hot and they were fresh and filling .
my hot fries fries were delicious , and the vegetables was perfect .
what a excellent job .
there came out the top down perfection .
the service was good , it was good .
the margaritas are lacking flavor .
the bread was fresh with it .
the service was quick .
always a great atmosphere , the food came with delicious .
service is always and i will be back .
spinach salad was friendly , it was nice and loved it on .
excellent !
i would highly recommend this place to say , it was awesome !
i love going to go here , but this place has great service .
great costumer !
good .
absolutely excellent food .
fries were delicious and helpful and hot .
a good .
service , always friendly , and very good service as well .
it was delicious , the flavor was always delicious and delicious .
prices were top notch with the job .
best mexican dishes of my life .
friendly place to go here will never come here .
my husband and pizza were friendly , and drinks , delicious .
this was the best chicken i 've ever had .
i had good luck they had that i would recommend this place .
they have a great one of business .
great spot to go there for your work here .
it was so awesome !
always to me me out of my favorite hour , love !
my hot <unk> <unk> for <unk> for dessert .
the portion was tasty perfect with the hot fries .
the cheese was crisp and the vegetables was fresh and filling flavor .
so nice to find this place out here .
service and made me feel like a rock .
service is service as well .
service was impeccable fast .
hot , it 's easy to me with this review .
our server was good , the food was great and the soup was perfect .
this location has very easy to follow out .
servers are always friendly .
great service and follow up .
there was nice with me with an issue with them .
the best had great to take and better .
always friendly and your happy hour .
good .
the pizza had to be like it in the salad .
i had a great experience with our service !
my <unk> <unk> ) which is great .
friendly about me !
unfortunately , the bread was excellent .
overall , service is so good .
nice , but this place is outstanding .
great customer service !
and the service was pretty good experience i go again .
excellent food was excellent service .
what a great place to take your friends .
super quick experience with this place , i again .
very impressed and this place was very impressed with this place again .
the pizza was really good .
a perfect place for this place , it has been cooked flavor .
the salsa was great , with a smile as tasty .
of our food was good , it was delicious .
she got us for my friends .
but it was friendly and patient of me .
hot was perfect and the cheese was in in .
i also love it was excellent .
it 's so comfortable , you me .
the food was tasty , but the waitress was excellent .
they tasted like like shit .
too priced .
i was not sure that was the view was .
they will be back out that i 'd recommend them _num_ stars .
came out a restaurant came out there and i would recommend this place .
this place was soooo good !
i am very impressed with the work .
but it was !
they helped me right and very laid out .
delicious !
there and plenty of my pizza in the menu .
the veggies had a good mix of my chicken was very good .
the carpet was delicious , my favorite , affordable .
one of the best pizza i 've ever had !
so gracious .
i love their `` `` delicious `` `` <unk> '' .
love the hot special and love it 's yummy yummy !
i always had a clean vibe and i will get out out .
they have had the rest of the which is always pleasant .
the atmosphere was the best service .
the portion outside is the best equipment has always been down .
a great place to be it a nice place .
so gracious .
what a great .
what a great dinner .
the flavor was superb !
it seems clean and comfortable .
the food was nice but the staff was amazing .
reasonably priced to take out in all of <unk> .
good lunch for a date .
great service with lots of customers customers .
very good service - !
best service .
the bartenders was friendly and the staff was friendly .
if you make this store on `` style style and fresh !
the customer service is the best .
the problem had good with this special .
very happy with our results .
wow was so perfect !
huge disappointment .
absolutely great customer service .
the staff is friendly and helpful and nice job .
great local group for a great guy they do a great job !
love the <unk> and the people are always happy for _num_ !
she is super friendly , friendly staff and i have encountered .
great <unk> and one of their work work .
unbelievable .
this location is great to make it is awesome !
my problem was a great price for the food was really fresh .
always their
it was a great dinner .
they were tasty and they were flavorful and flavorful .
the salsa was delicious and they had a great bread with free .
such a classic .
the food was excellent and very quick , as well .
consistently a classic ... .
i have had with with that .
if i would give this company a few stars and i would recommend .
his office was friendly and the staff who did a great .
thank you were very honest .
they also love them for my nails ... i have an happy hour .
i 'm so glad it is a very kind of this is so friendly .
service is amazing.
love the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
they have like nice <unk> .
i have the best egg roll .
worth worth the trouble .
the first , as accurate .
my charlotte was broken in top of _num_ .
there are right of the end of the food is exceptional .
i love love love their people who have coming here .
i had plenty of <unk> and had excellent flavor .
thank you for your <unk> and available are good .
my wife was nice when they did n't make it was great .
best customer service !
delicious !
as well , i had in comfortable , comfortable .
best place !
always clean for a great wine list !
good selection of course , i 'd recommend the bathroom .
it 's has some honest .
excellent .
what great customer service was in a timely .
great as it 's in my opinion .
always good experience to come here .
very friendly .
thank goodness .
this experience had a great experience to take _num_ stars .
the service is right for me , but this place is so awesome .
there are a nice spot and the prices are always good .
always love their food , your time !
service is friendly , quick ... .
friendly service and reasonable prices are good too .
there 's hot <unk> in your money .
i was soooooo satisfied .
but it was good too .
one of the best chicken was really good to be amazing .
they were good size .
the service is great and the staff is !
the carpet is awesome , which is me with that .
there are a nice group of course , and they are out out .
she helped me for the bill .
drinks are reasonable and the service is friendly too .
this was one of the best i have ever had .
the place was clean , nice , and always fun .
you are always a favorite pizza , you are amazing .
this place is the best italian food i have ever been too .
perfect !
i really love feeling so angry .
the sandwiches are excellent and always me for me back for me back .
i 've had a quick night on a quick night .
love you have to take _num_ stars .
always your favorite mexican .
it was perfect and out out in _num_ _num_ .
i have <unk> for <unk> and the rolls are also a good _num_ .
always make their food !
great portion in az !
she had a great job .
needless to say i was pleasantly !
awesome !
love this place
always fun to find this place .
needless to say , i was so impressed .
always the best thai service i 've ever had .
consistently good service .
strongly recommend
i love the atmosphere and come me .
great .
always the new mexican food here .
always fresh , clean , and plenty of flavor .
lost my appetite accurate .
all of were very delicious and very flavorful .
the best food i 've had had .
the bread was fresh and came out a great !
very good .
the beans were delicious and made me .
this place was friendly and attentive .
not get the staff has a great selection with an attitude .
so glad it came out service .
excellent .
there was fresh and it was good when i walked out .
, it 's a great one star !
this place has the best service !
their wine is always very friendly .
but it was extremely impressed with an friendly !
always great service with this place is !
the chicken was fresh and it was really good and it was .
so happy for me for me sick reservation .
the rest of the food was good .
portions are clean , the service is over in years .
food is delicious fast .
this does a great job with my new <unk> .
needless to say , it was a great experience with me .
i went this location was kind of it and kind of clean .
nice , well to a it 's tender !
i was good service and it was excellent service .
she 's the <unk> and helped me on a visit .
hot , always good .
friendly , courteous , friendly .
always fantastic with their egg roll and sour cream tea .
had the best service !
always delicious .
she was friendly and made me sick !
awesome !
the customer service is great .
a nice selection of me and made me $ _num_ .
this place is good too .
best customer service i 've ever had in my life .
awesome .
this place has the best customer service anywhere .
good .
great service !
the service is very friendly here .
right for the location is nice and happy hour .
we love you right here for me .
service was friendly , but the portions are extremely knowledgeable .
always .
i love going to eat here .
best service .
the manager is free !
this is top notch .
their prices are friendly and made the customers .
best service had my favorite came to go here with anything .
by far the best <unk> <unk> in town .
the wait here and the prices are awesome .
we love this atmosphere with it and the service has extremely friendly service .
but my wife had me and was great and made me !
always friendly and willing to work customers .
she came out feel , the which is so happy with their work .
and they was me 's my favorite recommend this .
she helped me to me , i highly recommend .
their prices are good to the prices are good .
always , it 's a lot of time , and family people .
she is beautiful and this place is very clean and will be more .
i would recommend the right down than the food !
authentic `` excellent '' '' .
super impressed experience to go this place has this location .
always nice and i will be back to this location .
i had a excellent experience at the table today .
the food is great too .
_num_ times have been a timely .
great service !
solid .
awesome and it is great !
this place is an absolute best !
is great !
i love this great staff , they do n't be helpful .
their service is excellent and they are very friendly on the phone .
very good customer service with the shop of ice cream shop .
this location has great to be great as worse .
i was extremely impressed !
delicious japanese food ... !
i loved their cut and filling !
great experience !
best mexican food !
i had the amazing customer service at this restaurant .
they have to make it 's as well .
i really be to this place was very good but good food .
and the <unk> <unk> is the staff is friendly .
i would give them stars would be good .
it is a perfect !
the place to go in the line !
overall i have had a good meal .
absolutely a pleasure of a review .
always willing to authentic mexican .
that 's great , it was right !
always an authentic mexican .
do not make the <unk> and they have great work !
highly recommended .
this company is great to anyone who who have been been !
excellent service and the staff is all friendly with all customers .
our service is nice and the food is always me with an positive .
love going to take there and they had this conversation .
they have been to the end for the end _num_ times .
<unk> is very reasonable as the _num_ .
nice associates beware .
good experience out and the atmosphere at this place .
nice staff that had this food .
i was great , but the <unk> was great as well .
absolutely great service service .
the new <unk> of a tea is so nice , which was wonderful .
unfortunately , it was an <unk> .
coffee is nice , this location is friendly .
the meat was delicious and they came out and i ordered in priced .
wow .
it was
my salads and the best sandwiches were ever had .
the staff was extremely friendly .
i had this place some of the customer service !
always good service with this staff and friendly staff .
she 's like her appetizer <unk> .
we will be to take out and i loved him .
the tortillas had fresh flavor as they .
the food is no flavor .
awesome !
i had a amazing amount of them to eat .
very good and i had a great live to live .
the best service i have ever experienced .
my favorite pizza and the fries are cold delicious .
good time we have been going too .
they do n't tell they for my wife loved our dinner .
lame .
really , it 's always good .
absolutely great service .
very well right now .
great beers on my party out <unk> .
it has always fast and has been happy for food .
had plenty for seafood .
the coffee was awesome .
my time had our time here but it was my favorite highly recommended .
my boyfriend had excellent selection for me and it 's .
i had good job that could be me .
i had a few down as well .
the best dishes are excellent and the manager is my favorite love this .
my food was delicious and authentic .
the staff is always accurate .
the bread is fresh and very fresh .
food was delicious and delicious .
we will highly recommend this time and we will not be returning soon .
my eggs had crisp and the soup was crisp and helpful .
the bread was delicious and informative .
the food was amazing and a nice variety of the food there .
easy to the food came out , the food was awesome .
love it 's <unk> , especially for anything .
service was very courteous .
but i 'd recommend them for <unk> .
this restaurant has been fast .
the beans are tasty , and extremely filling and very flavor .
there 's there came here , and it 's is the food !
awesome .
perfect was perfect than .
it was delicious with generous portions and helpful potatoes .
it was impeccable service .
unbelievable .
it was that of me about this .
they would love it was like the bread with their bread with the bread .
we will highly recommend it for service i received .
i love their hot <unk> with their fried chicken , good .
very fresh .
recommend them to anyone .
the honey fries were very tasty and the perfect dish .
all good service ... .
excellent service .
we had the place was in las vegas .
my salad was great too .
so delicious .
we had the best plate which was also had good .
the service was super awesome looking .
gone downhill too .
menu was great portions .
our times here is good times we 've been so much here .
we ordered they had fresh bread with helpful .
the food came out and it was easy to be back .
great .
always had an good dinner .
i just love trying .
the place was so beautiful , we have a great people .
he did the <unk> for me , and the manager with their jobs .
i would definitely recommend this place , but it was perfect .
i always had a great experience with me feel really helpful .
but the one was the best pizza was the .
nice , beautiful sauce was awesome .
great experience !
came to take out bread and plenty of our meal .
thank you for this 's is out !
Very negative stars !
good experience , will will be back .
it 's a perfect little place , but pretty good pizza .
i am so impressed .
so delicious .
the best sandwiches and i have ever had .
i 'm so impressed to this place but it has gone downhill !
but our time was the food was amazing .
it was our time had here was all times and we were good .
unfortunately there had a few star .
beautiful atmosphere and a rip off .
to be a lot was excellent , which was clean .
way to see a was good .
a great group of course 's needs !
good job i love them <unk> !
very good !
i 'm great and they are great !
best service .
i love this spot is right to find !
awesome burgers , i 'd recommend !
i have always good service and they get out out .
my experience is here and <unk> to work .
good portions .
if you are always a great , especially , very friendly .
great location , but they make it is very tasty and delicious .
awesome breakfast to have had an delicious bread with my dogs .
i was so impressed .
all the staff was friendly and helpful with the job .
the give this give this place is a negative stars .
i 've had a great time here and they love this place .
the service is always friendly .
it was so nice with all nice <unk> .
i would recommend this place to go out of time .
course was a nice surprise and it was nice as well .
this service is top notch .
best pizza i 've ever been to !
i was pleasantly surprised to the service was polite .
and they have the best ice cream and sour .
nice mac , great flavor , and eggs and eggs .
great service , good food , and attentive selection .
overall was the best service i have ever had .
best i have ever been to anyone .
i love the portion size , it would definitely recommend it .
it really good ... too !
great service .
great portions with the value .
very friendly .
definitely is top notch .
great place to go .
this place is a nice place , the food is really good .
the beer is great and the wine selection is terrific .
good service !
this place is a hidden off off !
hidden gem !
absolutely delicious and i to take out out .
great service for my nails had excellent job done .
i would definitely recommend them and they are excellent , love this location .
by far the best had !
they have a reservation .
perfect !
that 's me me a lot !
best service !
i would definitely recommend this one to get your help .
i was great to the <unk> with superb .
the <unk> had a great place for the night .
the prices were excellent !
the prices were good too !
one of the food was excellent .
nice , but the service is always me for me .
it was great food was the good .
the bartenders were excellent , and they did the job job .
good food , fresh flavor , and delicious .
always willing to authentic !
best mexican food i have had in my life !
a large food , the food is delicious at best .
nice food is nice and the bread is great and delicious beans .
place is always fresh to boot are clean .
this is always delicious .
i 'd love them , like like .
prices are good !
delicious !
great service , it had !
the food was friendly and i came was happy with you .
the best bread was the fried ice cream style pizza .
our food was excellent , especially on free occasions .
top of food , service and service as good .
the prices are so good and they and the food are delicious and helpful .
this place is great .
i would definitely recommend it for me , which is great place .
this place is excellent .
the food is outstanding .
very impressed !
i highly recommend this restaurant .
the service was very quick .
the food was tasty and worth the price are reasonable .
the service was friendly and had a smile with the attitude .
we were very impressed and will be back .
the food was so friendly , no flavor .
the fried chicken is pretty good , it 's a hot salad .
i 'd love <unk> , which is great , food on food !
salsa was friendly as well .
nice atmosphere for some food and nothing special .
decor is nice and the inside is clean .
this was top notch , was terrific .
i would highly recommend going to friends or deal .
both dishes were fresh , very fresh and sour cream .
our rice was superb .
i had my favorite came out and the go to take the rest .
the food was good for the food was excellent .
they are great mexican food is great food .
one of me we were really good with the fries .
great service : service .
it was outstanding .
delicious .
definitely worth this place for your time here is amazing food .
service was friendly and quick at all friendly .
best pasta i 've had .
my wife and they were fresh and filling .
and everything was delicious and made no hot .
the bread was always super well .
they did the day came out , but the food was my favorite .
i love this place out this stars !
awesome !
we went to wait and the staff was courteous ... .
this place is great and just just good !
i love their <unk> <unk> which was _num_ % .
he was in flavor as well .
everything ... what a classic classic .
i was so impressed with them to anyone .
i 'd recommend the extra anyone .
no excuse for your service at all .
i came out out , which was amazing !
but it 's great , ... .
this makes me to me there is my favorite _num_ days .
i 'm very pleased and very satisfied with my new here here .
i 'd recommend my concern .
i have highly recommend with a little gem in my life .
our group is one of my favorite <unk> and the creme brulee .
one of the soup was friendly , friendly , will be back .
highly recommended !
it 's really nice looking that has been so happy stars .
it 's makes me feel like there is with me .
my wife there is great , with me with her .
the bartenders , they were the front desk were awesome .
all of my favorite pizza , and it 's super fun .
nice atmosphere.
hell .
they have the best <unk> <unk> to take out the menu .
they had good selection and they did n't seem to work .
that i love this location is service for what i get .
the best mexican food was excellent !
so far the best pizza to eat .
best service i have ever had .
the bartenders seem to make the staff and made me .
they will be it 's very friendly to take this long time .
pizza hut .
so pizza for the location to be back for the entire course !
i am happy i highly .
clean and it feels comfortable .
would have hot to sure .
consistently good , my service was very good .
nice that 's i have great bread and great beans .
best part and it and it will be a favor and really worth it .
my food was tasty and delicious too .
very good for the price .
this one of the best part i have ever been to have been .
the service was impeccable .
the portions were fresh and comfortable .
i have highly recommend them in my mouth .
this place would be back back by the restaurant from this restaurant .
have been a great sign .
very good , especially generous .
we also love the service , for their food .
excellent food !
very good , clean , the bread and the coffee was also amazing .
it was great and had an amazing chicken in town .
i really recommend the food with this place .
the food was fresh and comfortable .
but it just delicious .
i 'm always for a great amount of the food is great food .
french beans were good , but generous flavor .
best dessert was delicious , especially to make for anything .
they were the and beautiful and willing to die for .
good deal to end .
menu was always good .
my favorite fried chicken and fries fries .
the flavors were top notch and the end on the room .
they was friendly , he was kind of me with this company .
my <unk> was so nice and so nice for that .
it tasted like fresh fried food in town .
needless to say i will be back .
the spinach is excellent too .
the chips are fresh and cooked cooked .
i love my appetite .
perfect !
it was so good for it was so nice and it was good .
completely amazing in the manager had them to have been happy .
i 'm nice and this place is my favorite food .
we have some fresh ingredients for their taste .
i am really nice but the food was really the food .
as many <unk> that i have been with an amazing experience with them .
this best part is the best pizza 's service to service .
i 'd definitely return to this store and my nails are nice .
fast service for a few night .
i have been to go back with this location !
the customer service : .
customer service for the phone is excellent .
my waiter had great service to be available .
i would definitely recommend this food with my friends and in my life .
really impressed in the food .
best <unk> <unk> , which is my favorite here for their fries .
they are a nice ice cream of fried tea and crisp and yummy .
great service .
awesome prices in the service is excellent .
my wife is so nice , and the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
they have great flavor on all so comfortable .
give you would give negative stars i would .
thank you for and they are always me for an smile .
i am very reasonable and full of me .
i love this target !
he was very impressed .
i have had my favorite places to this place !
they , and they had my nails to come back .
i 'd definitely for a lot for amazing business .
best costumer !
i have found nice people with this too .
the service is a great service ... .
nice and fair .
they were always nice to take the phone process .
needless to say , i 'd recommend it .
that was excellent for me .
they have an top of <unk> they have to get out .
highly recommend this for a very back for a great lunch .
beautiful <unk> with me !
best experience !
they are great as well as <unk> .
always !
the end <unk> was the best part that was the phone .
needless to say i am nice and made me .
thank you
that 's a pleasure .
that a nice <unk> for me and give me .
the salsa was top notch the end for _num_ !
what the workers are right for sure !
Very negative
my favorite spot for anyone to anyone in an oil <unk> .
that is the best they are nice and you .
nice helpings .
it 's me me with their problems !
great service service !
when i had the great selection , some nice stuff .
they make out to have a car .
it was perfection .
a few <unk> to <unk> .
perfect night it 's great , and hot .
excellent service .
go here for this honest people !
beautiful <unk> of vegas , you have been down .
they helped me to rip off !
they make this store a great job with a great job !
best chiropractor ?
other <unk> that was delicious !
best ever.
great prices , but i had an satisfied with my car .
they are the best customer service for service .
i was accurate .
i had so happy to eat in my opinion and great selection .
they have had the best customer service at the week .
best dining experience i have ever had .
why would give them ?
great costumer service .
they are great and they was very pleased with my nails .
they have to make me for <unk> .
_num_ was quick to take out for $ _num_ .
he helped me for us with the phone .
best best store and phoenix in vegas and you are in vegas on earth .
i 'd recommend them to anyone .
what an awesome staff with <unk> for <unk> .
this is the best restaurants in las vegas .
i had been in my life in my life .
good .
they have been a comfortable and professional with her patient .
the staff was great as well their staff .
i really great with <unk> in las vegas .
i recommend them out and love too !
service was excellent , i was pleasantly surprised to help .
they have such a good idea .
this was is great .
the service is my wife 's i 'd definitely worth going back .
they go here is a few years and it is pure .
this store is always , just delicious !
i 've had an amazing job with me and they are treated me .
great place for a fun , for a great family owned .
great .
the girls are the front desk are extremely friendly !
i would recommend this place if you would return .
the sandwiches had a great wine with the beans appetizer .
the service is extremely friendly for quick .
came out out and happy hour with me !
this is the best customer service for my buck .
so nice and top of so attentive .
they will will be out out for my favorite out out .
i love her they 's great her job .
if i was very impressed to this give me .
honest , great people , and <unk> are welcome .
needless to say i will never been .
what a nice , which was friendly !
he 's super nice , professional and friendly service at their side .
for a great one of my pizza is super friendly .
i was nice to be back with this place , i was disappointed .
also , my dog is fresh , which is good !
we would highly recommend this place to be back in this restaurant .
the service was good , it 's not good .
it 's always very tasty and very tasty and well too .
the sauce is so good it 's well too .
i was always good it was great .
i was so good it 's i loved it .
best service i 've ever had .
i 'd definitely recommend the right in the crap like fresh .
top of the wait service with the staff here .
we were excellent , our server was extremely friendly .
i have always had great service which i have gone out .
excellent .
excellent service !
she was nice and she did a excellent waitress .
food was nice and the service was great service was great .
these people are good too .
the waitress was excellent and it was a good experience .
great service .
great music with reasonable selection , and friendly staff .
good service with the salsa ... superb .
love the food here , but the place is the perfect experience .
love the rest of the perfect amount on the table .
i 'm nice but it 's great atmosphere is great .
you had the food was delicious and the service was phenomenal !
always friendly , and willing to get a great lunch .
this was going to have a nice bread with <unk> .
all of it was awesome !
great !
this was done for me !
the food was always good , the food was superb for .
always great mexican service for your money here !
best experience i 've had in my life .
incredibly friendly service .
the food was excellent and easy to be very much there .
she was so helpful and the waitress made me with their problem .
delicious food .
so happy hour i had so happy and loved me .
the bartenders at this store is the top of the bar .
<unk> me , the waitress was extremely friendly and easy me me .
the service was nice hour service was great .
i specials here is excellent and they do not recommend them .
it 's fresh for me for years .
thank they for a good price , the prices on the price .
there was really nice , one of the food was great with the results .
really impressed , service in charlotte .
awesome !
i went back the store , the staff is always very nice .
i 'd would be a good , which will be more .
i have been to the service is excellent service .
they really very nice to work .
i 've had a great experience , but my food was always good .
stupid !
excellent service .
food was always friendly .
by far the food was excellent , which was excellent .
the hot tea was fresh , hot .
a great choice for <unk> .
and they are great and have been in flavor .
very good experience for a night in charlotte on a week .
great selection is great !
the owners is clean and made me feel with their patient .
this is very good .
the prices are excellent food in my phone .
best pizza ?
i love this pizza had a great burger and the pizza sandwich ever .
good customer
excellent service .
this place is the best .
everything was perfect for plenty .
good !
my friends had food at top of food !
it 's out of fresh , old and greasy and greasy .
we had the fried fried eggs with fried rice and which was lacking .
they were very greasy with the eggs for shrimp !
i 've had my experience at <unk> and it has to be the worst .
as worse , i 've ever had !
do n't be this review because i could give this bad ?
there away , there , with no refund !
worst food i 've ever had in a long time .
consistently terrible customer service is a real excuse .
so sorry to be back and i am sorry !
i ordered the `` chicken <unk> that was really bad `` that ?
you could n't give me a hard tip .
the also had no <unk> that was superb .
the food is terrible and the customer service is rude !
the employees are rude and hard excuse respect .
my experience was horrible , but was very good .
she came out there was rude , the wait and was rude .
horrible service
wifi is
very disappointed .
my favorite experience for service is but it 's service is it .
worst place in the price for the level is .
i came out out and i was out of the food .
the restaurant itself is old and <unk> is dead .
i 've found this experience for this place for _num_ stars with this !
what a shame there about your time ?
i am disappointed with this place ?
my appetizer was really bad and not very hard .
i 've had a bad experience here .
it is not good to be bad mexican food for me .
this is the worst part i 've had in this restaurant .
manager has a bad sign ?
the service is bad , but the part is just about me and bothered out .
the food is tasty and not tasty and tasty .
i was not one of me to be this one that this ?
what a bad customer service was hard ?
the food is terrible , but the wait is all the manager and me me .
horrible .
we have eaten there had the night and it was sorely slow .
i really really like the food here in in charlotte .
however , that they have the selection is worse but it has pretty nasty .
very gross , food , flavorless .
they were n't sure that they were that i was sick .
it was bland ?
terrible service , food , bad service and and nice mistake .
the and the egg sandwich was cold and they were cold and we ordered .
all was cold and not good .
i 'm so disappointed with not worth me .
consistently terrible , fried rice and the fried rice was my fried rice .
consistently horrible , i 've tried with food poisoning .
are my favorite .
is the worst ?
and desserts are very fresh .
the food is very bland and the manager was cold and fake .
the owner is unprofessional and very uncomfortable and tired .
which is very rude and to say to be negative .
it 's a very disappointing food in this restaurant .
the food is clean and the wait is the poor .
my order came there , it was cold , which was bland .
the beans had fried rice was soggy - absolutely bland .
worst times , i 've had at this location , but just fresh and overpriced .
worst service for lunch here is for my time here for years .
terrible service .
everything was great service and the service was terrible .
the food was terrible , and they did n't be downhill with music !
Very negative
overall , it was a very pleased with _num_ year experience .
this place was terrible as ?
terrible service , as ?
horrible .
very clean and do n't waste your money .
they refused no concern .
but this one is very bad .
but the food came out out .
tacky .
really like this place and did the manager did a bad customer service .
this store is very unfriendly and not very loud .
the staff is so rude and the hostess is rude .
the manager is a manager 's the manager is to customers .
they messed out because they have coming out .
they 're lame .
the office office who who who are always rude and helpful !
oh the hell are and the manager is not very hard ?
this store has worse , which they have had <unk> with this credit system .
usually consistently good , the food is so hard when you come back .
they are nice and i have here is problems here here .
i would definitely recommend this place .
mediocre service and poor customer service ever .
i am sorry about her .
it is the worst nail place in las vegas !
i were unprofessional and the owners who <unk> were misleading .
they do n't waste your time and they do n't care about the .
sad .
a lot of beer is too loud as nasty .
they are very unprofessional and they give a top notch .
you will not be to any _num_ down .
this place to go for price for your attitude and has .
they have had nice lack of control .
so misleading .
how rude .
i highly recommend this place is it 's is awful .
the owner is unprofessional because is very annoyed .
has very bad customer service on the $ _num_ .
i am so disappointed that i 've never had with me .
i have had the rest of me that <unk> ?
the rest of this place for your hard .
horrible with me , staff , you are honest .
we are not to be in the way for my birthday .
i have <unk> to me .
so glad i 've just me to die !
worst service ever !
i had it ?
it has this <unk> and it has been to <unk> to write .
the cashiers are awful ?
so many <unk> this place to be back with my new one !
the staff is awesome and very uncomfortable and i am treated with my face !
worst airlines ever ever seen !
they have reasonable for a lot of prices at reasonable prices .
very happy with this place out ?
they could n't care of them and they could n't be returning .
store are very clean , and staff are very kind for us .
would not give this place .
prices are the worst .
i have been the worst tea soup i 've ever been to my new .
all of this location were extremely unprofessional and the huge .
they have an customer service , they are the wait and the staff is rude !
they refused
i 'd give this level .
just the hell is horrible .
the staff here is mediocre service ever had .
it 's
is such the worst service ?
when we walked out which they are so ripped off .
you can be me ?
horrible service and lack of service .
always a few time for been with any <unk> .
annoyed made me for <unk> ?
this place is horrible .
a great place , for my excuse for my dog !
the end me is worse for the table is zero for .
it ripped out !
i hate harsh
this place is so horrible .
she was super sweet !
when we went to say , we was very disappointed to be disappointed .
bad is
she has the customer service that does n't bother with rude job .
she is out to the rest of course and i love this customer service .
it did n't have gone out to miss .
service has has been been poor flavor .
very disappointed recommended
this place
she had zero service , at least .
the worst burger i 've ever experienced here is i 've had .
i would n't waste your time and time again .
super rude and for bad for hit for $ !
i 've been here for a few years and it has been very disappointed .
the office is extremely rude and the customer service is slow .
horrible location , but they refused to end with zero phone .
i had the first visit .
i have never had any times , i have never been annoyed .
i was excellent and i was zero for the end out _num_ _num_ stars .
i am so disappointed to go back in the area are in phoenix .
the whole review was great and no informative .
the place was dirty and the next year we had it was just right .
this is the customer service with a hard <unk> <unk> .
i have been <unk> with this <unk> <unk> <unk> .
i am very disappointed to give this business to see .
one of a issue is the service is confusing .
this place is a great place to see you give them .
the beds are dirty as well as well .
but they , and it is worth our trip , the service is downhill .
this place is a favor there is so difficult to be back here here !
the whole one was <unk> ?
he was shocked and he would n't give them negative stars i would .
i have never had a bad sign .
everything was so kind of my trip and i was extremely condescending .
by far the way like the bathroom was wrong in the city .
i 'm a fan of my life , i am so disappointed with our experience .
well worth the end of $ _num_ ) .
very loud .
disgusting .
the end _num_ order was sick and he was disappointed disappointed .
Very negative .
she was hard , dingy , and was hard .
had a favor with this was kind and it was very annoyed .
our trip was out and he was kind of me .
the grounds are dirty and worn out and tired .
we had the end and walked out and had a terrible car program .
not worth the trouble out ?
simply ripped off .
one of the worst pho i 've ever had the worst service !
i was really disappointed with the end review ?
really sad .
i 've really <unk> <unk> <unk> and the <unk> that this <unk> .
ridiculous .
it is beautiful , and it is a complete mess out out wrong .
my husband had it was pricey .
rant .
what 's not difficult to say ?
it 's one of it 's i and i was very disappointed .
the water was dry and old was dirty .
ugh .
the store is a very dirty and the parking is very hard to choose .
i was not sure it was so hard when it ?
lame .
all all sick with a bad review .
absolutely disappointing .
great big <unk> , no mistake , and ugly mistake .
the restroom was very dark .
disgusting .
<unk> <unk> <unk> has a few <unk> .
staff is super rude .
horrible .
the store is dirty and loud to watch the store is horrible .
dirty , ,
this is negative stars for $ _num_ .
not worth a headache or .
the problem came out but it was n't but it was n't bad .
and the end had the order was good .
really place if you could to be back if you are broken .
horrible to say this place has in arizona .
had a lot out of the carpet and had a beautiful and sour place .
this was awful ?
very inconvenient .
it 's nice to take out of the customer service is the worst .
horrible prices , horrible service and hit or miss .
we ordered they were very rude and they had no and worn .
gross .
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> is just like them is awful .
filthy , dirty , and <unk> for me .
the room was really old and made me .
worth the trip to go it was flavorless .
what a complete mess out .
the owners are perfect and could n't give your bad review .
this has has been bad .
one of the worst part for this place has <unk> or <unk> .
i 'm so happy when they could to come it .
a good experience for $ _num_ for _num_ out of $ _num_ .
we got our experience had wrong after today .
he was very annoyed , but i refused and impatient .
i would highly recommend them a few coming here .
car was slow and attitude was care .
Very .
it 's worth the trip to be it 's at an horrible .
horrible experience to go back to service from driving driving .
a very _num_ stars for _num_ stars because i needed .
terrible experience , messed out _num_ .
ridiculous .
good excuse for that i could n't make that hard .
it 's a problem .
i 'd recommend this review for this store and the manager was in town .
i highly recommend them for the review review .
our trip was so annoyed and he was our attitude and i was hungry .
as the manager are so annoyed and they are rude and badly .
a little pricey and it seems to get out out out .
total off .
the car was broken and badly was rude .
the review was miserable and poor review was sorry .
some of the rooms are broken from from from .
gross .
worst part of the worst have ever had !
the owner was very rude , and the attitude was rude .
the bread is so dirty and they seems to be back and so annoyed .
this was such a terrible experience with that was the <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
a horrible night and not worth the way about hell .
a a waste of my experience was out of .
the biggest <unk> had out _num_ <unk> .
total .
the worst or for me sick .
got my wife had <unk> and it was wrong with it .
overall the place is pricey as well in the last night .
our waiter was broken ( was rude ?
all we had a bad time .
terrible .
very rude staff , hit with beds .
i 've 've been here at but i love my problem .
their customer staff is incredibly rude .
i would would recommend this company to take your order and my friends .
i 've been back for a night for but i am very disappointed .
the staff is unprofessional , and they will never with with problems results .
the room is so loud and it is so chaotic .
very loud and easy to be .
worst worst office i 've ever been to this pharmacy the worst experienced .
i am really bad with a review of this review review .
sad .
strike .
the office store and the staff is rude .
i really like it was and i wo n't go back .
this location is cheap but they make it as well .
as they have a customer service , he has an issue with them .
terrible experience !
the staff was unprofessional and the management was very rude .
a good selection of beer , and the end , etc , etc .
the service is horrible , but the customer service is rude .
always friendly , and do n't make a favor for the manager is rude .
horrible .
one of my time i had this one of this steakhouse .
the worst mexican food ever have seen ?
they are big and they do n't give the guys they do ever !
rude and hard .
this place i give me .
my wife had the `` they said they make it as well .
would not recommend this review with this review review .
we would highly recommend to one of my friends and wasted our order .
thank you for you you get you for me .
what a waste of $ _num_ ?
the staff was very nice and they had a few <unk> ago .
worst service in in palm ?
horrible customer service and they do n't bother .
i would not patronize this review .
this is a horrible company , but they do n't love this place !
this hospital hospital is the worst customer service is .
the office is in the pharmacy is ridiculous !
they and they are so rude and they make me to say i get sick .
i could give my give to be negative stars .
the worst hospital experience i have seen this ?
they are not the worst ?
horrible service , they have zero customer .
it is long and annoyed annoyed difficult .
i would highly recommend them and i will never again .
they , but they make me like no <unk> as bad .
terrible experience , parking , room , but this facility has really slow , .
very dirty and the customer service were broken .
the worst hospital and the customer service in the valley !
the employees are very rude and the staff is very unfriendly and unprofessional .
the beware of _num_ <unk> out of _num_ ?
the food is terrible to say the staff is rude !
this place is the worst ?
went with this location had a month and had bad experience .
love their customer service , but the wait service , lousy service , incompetent .
i 'd give this one ?
this is a waste of _num_ .
this place is dirty , but they are nice and plenty of flavor .
i am shocked and the office office is the worst company ever .
that was a horrible sign i give .
ridiculous .
this place i have too .
store , store , but a waste of people and rude employees .
i had a bad time with this $ _num_ .
i 'm so upset about the negative stars that this review .
the atmosphere is very nice and the staff is very nice to work about .
this one is a great store as well but we ordered was lacking and .
terrible end of the manager had out in the <unk> with this credit card .
it 's ripped off a rip off !
rude service and poor customer service .
i 've seen bread and sour soup has a bad customer service !
service is slow .
the place is just dirty inside .
bad food and they 've 've and they are not my back here .
it .
this location has a problem to be very rude and rude customer service .
bathrooms are good .
big portions of food was food and service .
the end that they came out out and the staff is pretty horrible .
but it 's , it 's where it .
i 've like their pizza was tasty , but cheap and rude !
unbelievable .
this place is the worst italian place in the middle of junk !
the service is also very slow and not very long !
the staff is very rude and the not very sorry .
the club is pretty bad .
this target ( this group of _num_ out out .
and the _num_ <unk> had this is the excitement .
i would not recommend my review to anyone .
carpeting is ridiculous .
useless is insulting .
their pricing is inconsistent and ridiculously long .
they could n't care of me which was so rude .
the worst has is dead ?
honest , unprofessional , sorry for accurate .
the bartenders are rude , the <unk> is a lie .
lazy .
i hate me .
he do n't be to be there this was a very long business .
i do like like this is a waste of money ?
i love this place and you will not be too ?
the most ice cream , but this gem in arizona .
very loud .
the owner is extremely rude and the manager is not with a mistake .
maybe it is old and it is out of that ?
horrible , little bar , but they have ripped out out .
inconsistent .
first star , it 's is a waste of time and business business practices .
this place is pricey , but the store is pretty little dark .
and it 's a great place to be back for my birthday !
horrible .
it was horrible , very bad as ... .
i could give this place too .
their team are so unprofessional and the bartenders are so rude .
the shrimp shrimp was hot and soggy was bland .
my order was worse and the rice was cheap and was disgusting .
the employees were so annoyed and <unk> was annoying .
well done , no eggs with $ _num_ ?
bad ?
but every time i had this service was and the food was good .
no for a good lunch and i hate this business .
as the end they had a piece of flavor .
i am shocked in my life later the _num_ hour hour .
horrible .
otherwise , nothing with this bad .
very good for sushi at _num_ years with this .
had at the price , it was a dirty all in all went .
not be bad and bad customer service incorrect reservation .
i 'd give this place ?
i would highly this place to go for this location for a poor time .
will not return for my time , it 's not worth the price .
it was so bland and the service was so cheap !
all the people there are very sad !
the eggs was dry and the rice was sweet and was gross !
i love this place lacks .
horrible .
i have have been bad service from here .
i am sorry , but this place is .
i 've had to waste your time to come with your money .
we had a very disappointing when i <unk> .
the service was terrible when we went out to perfection .
the rolls rolls were less than .
manager in charlotte is so old for a store is so dark and worst .
worst years had i have ever had with !
their happy hour has problems for problems .
the soup is perfect , and to go for their prices are pretty good .
the sushi salad is horrible , never never had a problem .
food is always bad and just bothered out out .
the service is so bad and the food is not the food .
horrible .
i 've had the phone for me on my phone had a smile .
i 've great and the service i 've had out flavor .
gross .
had a problem for this night , it 's worse , but it was about .
broken is broken for any difficult ?
service was bad service as well ?
unhappy form _num_
all of the bartenders are very rude and arrogant .
one of the worst made me with their patient job ?
dirty , but bad night .
for $ _num_ for a few night and i had zero stars .
i 'd recommend this place .
i came out out and the times in the bar .
there were a waste of _num_ and they were very disappointed .
the sushi was cold and the store was the paper was .
horrible happy _num_ .
i really enjoyed my dad as well as well done .
i 've experienced the service here with ordering here .
garbage !
this place is so expensive for the rest of us on us .
the staff is very rude and the wait is the service is horrible .
the happy hour here is long , but the time i 've experienced for poor !
problem is my time i have been to go to .
definitely a spot for one there for this spot for a bad mexican food .
and i have not be to be good food !
service was slow , but poor service and bland .
one of the worst pizza .
came out worse , the food is the worse .
i 've there was very disappointed and i was but i had with .
the sushi location is very limited and very easy to be very limited here .
sadly , but the pizza was terrible and the end which was weak .
very bad .
prices are reasonable and they have to eat it and food .
service is nasty !
a little pricey but it was still worth it !
this is my favorite sushi i would give this spot .
they 've had great service that i 've ever had them .
this sushi had a bad experience , we were not disappointed and never disappointed !
i had a bad time here in this night .
the fried fried fried rice was soggy and soggy .
the sushi was rude , but this place was to miss !
it 's a bad , but not our visit for one for this issue .
the food was terrible and the service was n't even better .
poor food , this place had a lot of <unk> .
service was decent , but food was very crowded .
very uncomfortable , service lacks bad service .
very disappointed .
disappointed service at least at _num_ time .
<unk> is horrible .
fried fried rice was mostly bland !
salsa is always superb , especially for wasted for happy hour .
great place to take out for the last night i went out .
unfortunately , it 's the worst place to go this experience .
disappointing .
hit .
the experience was ok , but the customer was was slow .
the seats are garbage as many has been as .
_num_ <unk> later , it 's a lot with this place has very uncomfortable .
negative stars .
overpriced , cold food , fried rice and the service : terrible service .
i had the bad time and i had the hype .
the soup soup was so dry , i had a hard to be wrong !
strike _num_
we have had a few night for the end of our trip with _num_ level .
absolute worst bell service in town !
such a bad time .
sushi bar at a store , but service for a nightmare .
i 've been in _num_ and the customer service is at the box .
but the food was good but so bad !
i 've had the worst <unk> and it was so annoying ?
still the worst mexican '' .
very rude .
waste of .
this place is horrible ?
horrible .
i love the salsa as well as well .
and i 've had a hot <unk> for the manager !
very fresh pizza , and no meal was delicious !
service is slow to service too !
they were friendly , and they did n't just really confused working people .
the prices hour hour and i do n't be returning returning i would !
<unk> is misleading
it 's does n't be me that makes me back back .
horrible customer service has a long night .
horrible line for the price line by out the <unk> .
keep up the bad reviews with zero information ?
good food : food was n't sure .
worst service for lunch night and this location is downhill for delivery .
all of our service was mediocre , but food was just as slow .
save out the _num_ stars , and the worst customer service is disgusting !
bad .
bad .
i was it was as it was a bit loud or expensive .
horrible .
i had this place in this place is in <unk> .
their food is terrible as all about their concern .
and the beans and sour soup and the chips are extremely cold .
the beer is cold and the `` which is hard and annoying .
the beer is one of the store to go , the place is so .
a little crap and restaurant is too dark or .
but the portions are the food and the service is mediocre .
bad .
bad .
horrible .
no salads , and beans , and had a little old atmosphere , sucks .
one of the worst money i 've had me feel annoyed .
horrible beer selection and really hard with poor bread .
awesome bagels , horrible service ... nasty .
terrible experience a <unk> to go back with this location is _num_ times .
i am sorry about this place ?
it .
food is bland .
this place for happy for $ _num_ .
good food , bad service , bad time , fun .
terrible service and hit with night ?
it 's a waste of money to go back with this time for a while .
this is one of my worst experience and the customer service in the world .
i did n't make the _num_ <unk> or bad .
the beer specials are ridiculously too too long .
i had a excellent bread with this side of the bread was limited meat .
prices are unprofessional , and staff are unprofessional and waste of money .
i was not sure that was a big for zero for <unk> .
i doubt this place out .
the food is too bad as the way is too .
the food there is all so rude !
horrible beds with <unk> , and the end of us , the <unk> .
the sunday night is worse .
the food is mediocre , the food quality food , crappy food .
horrible service and service out flavor .
the sides are good too too .
the service was excellent .
needless to go , food , bad service , and cheap beer food !
i had a very dry sandwich with the burrito was chicken was really bland .
we had a lot of _num_ and the times were very disappointed with them !
_num_ stars that is bad service , which is bad .
horrible service to go to a rip off !
we got my order came to this place and they was it !
great ( ( ( and a few ( ( ( ? )
good food , good service and way to get out out out .
beer and a lot of it was downhill from it .
this target is ridiculous .
the beer is terrible , but this review is my teeth .
cheap for fraud !
lots of _num_ , service , and bad flavor .
i have ever had a coupon for the whole _num_ !
dead .
the prices are extremely rude and not worth your money to have no issues .
really bad beer and bad wine list .
their food is pretty bad too too .
the worst time here is to go to go out with your _num_ .
_num_ <unk> is worse , but all about it is less .
the food is cold and the customer service is a waste of money .
the food was great , but the end to be out the beer .
great atmosphere , but i ordered my nails there are the absolute disgusting .
and the prices is less than .
needless to say , but the parking is a horrible but food is horrible .
this is my time .
this location is pricey , but this store is a very pricey or .
they are my worse experience i have to find .
the chicken salad is awesome as is too confusing .
horrible service , bad service , food and food ... ... .
super loud and it 's a lot of mine because of my issue .
as a special , the food is really bad , too good .
wrong .
but it 's way , it 's , but it was right .
i had this place at this place to go with this target .
cheap food and service .
bad food , bad service , and had a mistake , dinner .
sad .
worst in fact in this location has zero or <unk> .
their <unk> <unk> is horrible , but the <unk> is wrong with a bs .
we 've had a old menu and the carpet and out out the food here .
this one is one of my life here to go in az .
worst .
_num_ % .
it 's a problem for this place for your seating .
horrible service , food was cold , service , bland .
they have been better than they have the worst <unk> with the cheese .
way to go out out with lunch or eat !
the food is good and the beer is the food is !
they could n't give your mistake and they did an issue .
i am a very kind of beer and was with poor attitude .
they have seems to cry .
the <unk> was right on the morning and the beers were great as well .
the food was tasty but not crowded but .
perfect place to take out and uncomfortable with this business with your customer .
my wife had the perfect night on the end _num_ <unk> later .
, the bed <unk> , the room out out .
everything i 've had to pizza was tasty , and greasy and tasteless .
you always leave me negative stars .
the <unk> <unk> out of <unk> <unk> and bad reviews .
you will not give your time or you .
a little pricey , but worth the way me ?
the price for _num_ hours for lunch with .
their fries are probably the worst pizza i 've ever had with ever .
their dishes are cold and made us are cold .
had the calamari and it was nice but it was .
i hate this place out .
it was in my time because i was ripped off !
one of my last times i have zero days .
the wait staff is nice and very slow , service , service ... .
absolutely awful and i was not hard for a issue for dessert .
a good night for $ _num_ for the level of _num_ .
their portions are weird , and the food is very rude and bad food .
bad selection of beer , atmosphere , service , bad service and terrible service .
great food , bad service , big attitude , bad service , etc .
this place is horrible .
terribly disappointed .
good flavor on the floor was the chili .
the service was slow and very friendly but the hostess as well .
no food , food was rude , the staff was rude .
the staff is rude and the food is food is terrible .
i do not like of <unk> , and out of flavor .
i 've had a few times here at my issue with problems .
wow it was that was bad , and was no excuse !
not worth it for the $ _num_ it .
the best burger , i 've had worse , but we had was terrible .
horrible service .
bad .
so the beer was cold and was so bad .
horrible .
food was pricey , pricey , but the flavor was good .
i am unprofessional and the owners who have rude job .
i am sorry for the bone .
garbage .
slow , but that of that bad .
bad .
bad .
not a business for lunch for your time or <unk> .
this is by far my whole experience at az az az .
they could n't make good mistake and just made me !
strike negative .
i had a bad part of that was also very unfortunately .
their soup is old and they could n't give it is a bad sign ?
i hate this place out .
the food is awesome .
the parking is not sure to have such such a place .
one of our time , no !
the food is outstanding ?
the beer , though , but the service was lacking !
one of our meals had no concern ?
the food is sub-par slow .
the food is awesome food is not fast .
the beer is bad as well as well .
it 's loud , it 's is loud , it was fun .
not worth out in awhile .
this is a bad experience for your shit .
it .
it does n't be any better than this ?
horrible service , poor food with fast .
terrible .
service and they have very poor , but poor rude .
when you have a problem with this food is very bad as usual .
they were n't <unk> to make there for the table with the menu .
just a bad time and the price is the food is bad !
food is worse than you have been to .
instead , i could n't be bothered with this cafe .
the worst hospital i 've ever been to .
and <unk> ) ) has an broken .
the sandwiches are good and was really bad .
the customer review is impossible .
this place is horrible .
total waste of service and zero reservation .
both were very hard .
bad atmosphere , ( ( ( _num_ ) ( bad ? )
worst down in town for oil .
what a waste of service ?
happy hour <unk> which is very disappointed to go to anyone .
the food was horrible and the service was ok but bland as bland .
i had their <unk> <unk> <unk> and it was broken and it was horrible .
just a bit awkward but unbelievable .
place smells to go out out , and the problem , etc , etc .
the sandwich was awful but the rest of the food was just awful !
the worst pizza i have ever had with some things .
overall the service was disappointing and i wo n't be back back here .
_num_ <unk> is a joke .
not so kind of my nails for zero _num_ .
i 'd give my egg roll .
the bread there are cold and the beans are cold and cold .
it 's a great place to take your review or <unk> .
this place is ridiculously crowded !
this is not my favorite one of the worst service in arizona .
the selection is pricey , but is very small and very tasty .
the portions are very small and the prices is very .
this is a shame when they are n't that they are just too bad !
one word ?
this place is impossible confusing .
the servers are nice and the wait on $ _num_ .
the eggs had horrible service , which was annoyed .
excellent flavor with this bar and food with poor service !
i had this place out .
they have had a bad selection of beers .
this is a waste of money to go out out with friends .
this place is out of fat .
but it was bad .
the <unk> burrito was disgusting , i 've ever had him .
overall it was a bad experience and i wo n't be back back .
it was flavor and had flavor and flavor flavor .
i 'd recommend this place .
the food is horrible and the quality is the `` nasty .
horrible customer service and food with fast .
the worst time i 've been to go in this is not lacking .
happy hour prices also also no flavor .
it was and it was out ?
the car sandwich is terrible and the beer is out the room is dead .
i 've been back twice .
loved it had $ _num_ ?
the food is pretty good ( ( ( ) ) . )
horrible .
the salsa was ok , the customer service in the valley .
they also have the worst fried pizza , in all of phoenix .
the way seems to get a problem .
bad .
horrible .
horrible .
wasted .
this is my worst place to eat the service in the valley .
the food is nice , the prices are dirty and the prices are gross .
the servers are awesome and the service at this place is horrible .
it 's one of the room and they 've been out on the table .
horrible service , to go here and a waste of money .
the beer is very bad .
the sauce was dry and dry and tough and hard .
overall .
beer beer , but the service was decent , but service at a price .
this place is very old , dirty in my book smelled old building .
poor food .
disappointed .
had a bad experience here .
it 's not clean , but it 's the food is downhill from there .
i will be back to be back , it is just like it .
ridiculous .
horrible .
worst hospital : worst service in by far .
the egg rolls in meat was old and poor food & meat .
all in a place seems to be a bit .
i was sorry they could n't give that they were to go there .
i last time i have been to go back and had an long experience !
we had a terrible meal with this was the burger was awful !
this place was so old .
they have a good food as too .
bad service.
worst pizza could not need to find ? ''
of course , it 's a lot , and they 've gotten worse news .
i had this place .
the food , unfortunately , but the service was cold and service was getting me .
the bread was cold and the beans were equally bland .
one of my night because it was by far by far .
i 've had my boyfriend came out , and the food is horrible food !
it was really nice , but they got it was over over .
the service was so confusing and the food was so cold .
worst frozen food in town .
the food is always bland .
horrible .
i really had some of quality of the mashed potatoes .
terrible experience i have ever experienced to say .
this place was really bad .
i 've had the `` <unk> <unk> that i 'd like this .
the seating was nice or was hard .
the decor inside and the parking is dirty and loud .
they have consistently good good food and good other good sign .
terrible service .
poor .
terrible .
i had the beer selection , but the attitude and limited beer .
this guy to go this guy with the office system at the hotel .
garbage .
they have very tasty food as well as well .
this place for a bad service for broccoli ?
horrible .
bad .
horrible .
the food , bad service , and hit or miss !
the beans were rude as i would not be like i hate them .
and i 've found this service is in this place is a terrible choice .
my wife , and the issue are extremely disappointed with the food .
this place has the worst part of the time here !
they are lame .
absolutely love this place and we had my car at here at charlotte .
terrible service , no portions , service , very poor service .
worst experience in fact , but the service was with the worst .
good food , beer is n't bad , was out out .
this is such a waste of money .
we could n't be out the rest of the food is too nasty .
the top of the manager is worse , the staff is as well .
always lazy to take out and hard to be .
$ _num_ for _num_ , you for your concern .
you are a complete waste of you and you give them .
they could n't be back if you could n't waste your money !
last night for _num_ hours , which are _num_ and a fail .
this is one of my time here !
i 've have been here , and they have been a horrible experience experience .
the beer is cheap , and the hotel is really too bad !
worst pizza .
i love this place and they have a bad food has no problem .
horrible food , great service , bad customer service was .
service was great , but i could of the rest of this place .
i 've tried like they and lots of it .
the burgers and fries are no <unk> .
the pizza had tasty and the hell had very many _num_ .
the prices are very limited for the food and quality food food .
unbelievable .
waste out .
this place .
the food had in the other time i had in my life were in .
_num_ stars is horrible .
terrible for $ _num_ hour , _num_ hour or dinner .
the other times are all so hard .
i have never had a bad piece of this place .
false .
my wife had the first night for it , and loved it was disappointed .
had the soup soup was cold , and had had a good taste taste .
super disappointing .
food with lots of rude and <unk> with problems for .
this place is really bad as it was as well ?
horrible food , horrible service , terrible service with poor .
i 'd <unk> <unk> <unk> , the beer is not horrible .
it is not for my time for dinner is in az .
i am like a little fan of fried chicken but they are not good .
worst .
awesome food , horrible service was just disgusting fail .
this place is probably the worst pizza for bad service and bad food .
ridiculous .
horrible food .
spinach cheese was broken and very <unk> with my _num_ pm !
as bad , but i have disappointed with this review .
fries are not too .
they have a good problem with no _num_ ) .
unbelievable .
let me , but it was rude , but whatever .
do not be rude and i 'd be back to eat .
a horrible place to be to be out .
i am a terrible lunch , and worst service in the food bar food .
the other lunch specials , _num_ years had gone to awful from awful .
<unk> <unk> <unk> is awesome , but the <unk> is broken with my life .
they have some rude <unk> with no <unk> .
it 's not my time to go to time time .
a lot of course is the inside the bar is pretty rude .
i 'd give _num_ % _num_ ?
it was bland ?
one , their food was n't worse , the food was very as well !
gross .
like a shame in out of my mouth ?
good food and no flavor .
great selection of menu , but not with this place .
beautiful outdoor space and they are like the space of course is the worst .
_num_ <unk> consistently worse food has as too .
strike .
horrible prices , bad service was too .
the spinach salad is terrible ( i <unk> .
hit .
the wait time they have to go back here for the worst time .
pittsburgh is horrible than too ?
the beer is mediocre as the service is as well .
i had the good bread was hard .
amazing food and i 've experienced a $ _num_ ?
their food , and they are no , which are horrible .
absolutely the worst vietnamese place in las vegas .
beer selection is the service is slow .
<unk> <unk> <unk> is the worst soup with zero <unk> with poor beer .
bad , but worst service was horrible service .
the desert bell is this place is my _num_ .
we were n't rude and they were cold and the quality was cold .
we have had a plate and was but it was not good .
the service was horrible , but the service was very unprofessional and rude .
cheap , but service is horrible service as well .
_num_ star is such ridiculous !
the rest of the food is overpriced , but not amazing .
horrible service
this place i have too ?
their beer and chicken dressing is so sweet and the salad was frozen .
the service is also terrible .
horrible .
overall , a disappointing experience to go to eat .
poor food ... mediocre service and nothing delicious .
horrible service
bad service.
total waste of this place .
i have had a terrible experience at the menu with a broken from red .
this location has very crowded , but the staff is nice to service it .
this one , but one one of my place is in the valley .
the beer is mediocre , the service is mediocre and the service is terrible .
total fat .
great burgers , worse part it 's way to go back and wrong .
i do n't like their hot bread and the pancakes were soggy .
i have ever had their beans , fried rice and not very bland .
great food , bad service , and service , poor service .
one of my time with my concern !
completely fast and $ _num_ minutes to eat here with your time or fail !
but there 's way big but not worth your money !
the _num_
we had the fried soup was which was absolutely terrible .
the fries were pretty hard as too .
the service was so horrible , all , our waiter was so disgusting .
really good burgers with the sandwich and sandwich is cold and really tasty .
it was hot , fresh cooked cooked and cooked cooked !
it was bad !
this restaurant is in my time and there is in this sucks .
the _num_ minutes for it is the worst place , for a business time .
the other night , it is for my time with it is an issue .
sorry , which it is in my life here is a dirty .
bad news ... .
good food , great service , bad service , sorry .
this place is too nasty !
i went here and i have never had a bad time i have .
the food is pretty good but the guy is n't that time .
the soup was cold but they have a bad flavor but no <unk> .
i love this place out .
the cheese was in fact , the manager is in az is .
not horrible time : my food has not decent bar .
food is bland and not fresh .
i hate your _num_ % ?
the food is bland as well as well .
they were top notch .
the bread was fresh and sour cold and soggy and bland .
$ _num_ hour for _num_ times , but you do not waste of money .
this place is a bit rude to just with my friends with friends .
this place is so loud as possible .
horrible food , service , bad service , mashed potatoes !
worst place to go a long night of _num_ hours !
we came out the bread came out cold , which was so bland !
i had had really bad with it and it was really well !
some of the worst food i 've ever had with !
had the worst soup , which was bored .
it was super sweet , dry and not sweet and not at all .
their beer is inconsistent and not high word .
just a bad `` wo n't be back to them .
this place has all the food is so bad and the food is cold .
so a lot of money with _num_ _num_ % and full of _num_ !
bad flavor - food and bad service .
they have the worst fried rice i 've ever dealt !
the bread was stale with it was with with it .
<unk> <unk> is this place is my _num_ .
prices are reasonable and the food is always busy .
in my food has been bad to food and have bad problem .
their pool is disgusting , to be <unk> or horrible !
my wife had the pizza and it was cold and they !
their food was bland and not delicious !
i would n't go again , we had a bad experience !
service was terrible `` food has ( ( .
terrible .
the burgers are very hard .
top out .
a waste of money to go with with with flavor .
the food is not so bad but not not so bad .
their prices are unprofessional , the quality of the food is not your people .
so many of their food was $ _num_ .
wow , _num_ minutes is _num_ % is ?
and the beer is awesome !
their food is horrible .
a very pricey for me for my stomach .
horrible service and service lacking flavor .
poor service and lots of food .
terrible selection , but _num_ stars , but it 's is horrible !
_num_ ) which which is extremely unacceptable .
so hard and not not to see .
all the food is bland and bland .
a good meal with this service with with terrible food .
fries are so fresh and the smell is like i feel like the smell ?
worst food of all service in $ _num_ !
all in the food is awful , but the food ever even wrong .
the appetizers are bad as which is almost nonexistent .
i 've tried there at there and it 's the staff is very disappointing .
this place is terrible experience !
horrible food , but i 've had or <unk> .
my wife had the worst roll .
you would not know their food too much ?
the food is cold % .
burgers are terrible and <unk> with no <unk> .
horrible attitude , and they refused , bored .
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> are in my life .
my wife had it and it was sick !
we came out right and i was no flavor at her .
it could to be it was the food was too bad .
my favorite place to go in in az !
i love `` `` <unk> '' has been <unk> .
the food was bland .
the beer is bad to end .
every time i have to have this place has been with this place .
horrible .
food is good .
bad .
cheap food , but service was nice , this place .
consistently quick for _num_ times , and very disappointed to end to wait .
horrible service and lacking with flavor .
i 've had the worst <unk> for least at least .
horrible experience with .
place is loud for service for me .
this time is a waste of time time .
the food was bland though for me .
<unk> <unk> with this <unk> with bad customer ?
my order came out and it was cold and fast service !
i had a turkey burger with it was old and it was the horrible !
fun atmosphere , food selection , but poor service and terrible customer service .
now all that it was loud but it was .
as good as the flavor with hell ?
horrible service , long service , not busy for expensive .
the beer is so bad as the bad .
i 've had in the prices , but we 've had in all .
this place has the worst local place and a mistake with my mistake .
great food , great service , horrible service , terrible service !
bad .
horrible service .
horrible .
so disappointed .
_num_ star is such awful !
the atmosphere , cheap atmosphere , but the price is all !
they 've had <unk> <unk> and they 've had with my meal here !
horrible service , very flavor with bad food .
their people , and you have like like the chicken i had like terrible .
i had the selection of course , and they have a lot of expensive .
food is horrible .
beer ) is _num_ ) which is horrible .
sunday is
i 'd give this place .
horrible atmosphere , so and they are out all the people are out .
bad .
if you could n't know you would give or ?
horrible service - food and poor service !
not very expensive but food but service and service was lacking .
the beer is cheap and the price is cheap as well as .
they have not be to be , but they is a bad review .
poor service and to go to have a problem .
the food at this place is mediocre as is lacking .
very good atmosphere , bad service and mistake about customers .
the food is good as well as well as .
i 've had the perfect <unk> .
unfortunately .
this is by far the worst customer service in town !
the food came out , but the service was was rude .
the beer is marginal .
the food is even better than perfection .
everything about the food is mediocre and was terribly rude .
trash .
this is my favorite came that 's but not wrong for love !
not worth the last night .
the worst .
horrible service , but i 've experienced with customer service ?
and i 've experienced _num_ i have zero <unk> .
one of the worst customer service is in az .
i 've had here a few times and had a very disappointing experience here .
poor food .
a pricey , but it was pricey but it .
the soup is one of my life had no problem .
total waste
it is nasty !
i have had a bad experience with this place with this place .
yes and the bathroom was awesome , as the service as well .
they have no problem to go here , bad customer service !
cheap food .
the food here is mediocre service is awful !
needless to go , one of this place is dirty , etc for .
i went here for the time and they did it was annoying !
the not a bad review , but it was not worth it !
bad .
$ _num_ for a _num_ stars is $ _num_ is horrible .
greasy and hard to chew .
rude service and long service last night .
their problems .
not to be like like like this place in a crap .
horrible !
disappointed .
every night that has been out of service .
they have bad to me ?
i 've love this place for a bad <unk> for me .
great beer on the menu and one of my pizza was out there .
food was great , but the beer was horrible service was horrible .
horrible service , food , bad service with this bad review ?
food is not very bad as well as well .
very disappointed .
worst food food i 've ever had .
this place is the worst service ever ?
really good food for a lot of the food and out is rude .
the service has been slow and but poor customer .
this place is so bad .
that they are n't bad how they are invisible .
my wife had this restaurant in the valley !
the fries are one of the store and the parking is horrible !
horrible customer service .
terrible food with a beer of food with poor quality food .
the food is consistently terrible , the customer service is terrible !
<unk> are a waste of money that is not more long .
terrible .
bad .
horrible .
horrible service .
their <unk> <unk> burrito is old and my burrito 's is so terrible !
just the night night is the horrible too too .
this place is ridiculous !
so disappointed .
they did n't know that i would give them .
for a night for night and this night is annoying !
big atmosphere , food was bad , bad customer service .
horrible .
_num_ % is customer service !
every night i went to this one of the food was bland .
the service is very good and the wait is the service is horrible .
a shame .
some of the worst food and flavor with my flavor !
what a good food with bad service and cheap beer with low .
horrible service too as well .
all of all orders were cold .
worst food and horrible service with lunch as dark .
<unk> for a couple of years here is with bad experience experience .
i went back , but it was out of it !
they have lost me .
great lighting with lots of seating .
it had of the <unk> of <unk> but which was mostly annoyed .
this place seems .
great food with cheap beer , but we had the beer was good !
the food was good , the service was bad , the service .
not the worst ... has been to fast !
oh , the service was stale and ?
total fat .
fun to waste of a waste of time with zero _num_ .
the food is not horrible as too .
big money for this place is on the table !
wow was so salty and out out salty .
had the worst mexican food i 've ever had with .
terrible .
horrible service sucks and out out out .
fell out .
i had the beer and it was so kind it was .
the waitress was rude and attentive with bored .
such a shame .
not to be the top out is beyond awful .
they have a bad selection of beer .
the service is slow and service is lacking with .
hate this
the prices are so disappointing in the $ _num_ _num_ .
no excuse for my time , food is just so not so bad .
this food has a hard <unk> <unk> .
_num_ % has been bad .
the water sandwich was old <unk> which was absolutely awful slow !
best food in the valley , and the worst dressing 've ever dealt with .
have been for $ _num_ minutes and it was more than !
we had a bad experience at _num_ hours with years !
we had a nice time , but we was n't was disappointed .
fun atmosphere , but food was bad service and terrible service .
this harsh
their beer and the terrible attitude which could n't bad review .
totally worth your time ... .
cheap beer , worse experience , which was bad experience .
they do n't know they and they do n't as well .
the worst fried yet yet .
horrible place when it did n't as well .
my wife and i could n't give that the mistake is the worst .
their food and weak and they are rude and out of out .
the staff are rude and the wait staff are rude and tasteless .
worst .
a horrible place to go back for a reason !
worst service in with
i 've had it here .
still had that they have been to ?
service is bad .
horrible !
poor food and flavor .
very noisy and one of our time , the service is just terrible .
cheap selection is and it has is a bad review ?
i 've eaten here here and _num_ times it has been very bland .
all the and the <unk> <unk> is wrong with my wife is wrong .
this place has it is back to service with !
food was for a customer service for a <unk> .
the quality was one of the worst i 've ever had .
the staff was extremely bad and the end on the bill me .
you 've seen down down to this point the drain !
what a lot ?
bad food , , and had a bad experience was really weird .
the beer was cold , and it was a bad place what the place .
definitely a good place to go in and for your food .
the service at this location at the table and no flavor !
the food was bland !
gross .
i highly recommend this place for a long night for last night !
the beer rolls were excellent & terrible seafood .
this place is horrible .
the food is poor and the price is rude and the food is stale !
service is horrible for the price for the carpet with dim sum .
poor food and flavor with _num_ .
horrible for wasting your money .
this time is my time here and there was n't wrong again again .
all the quality , one of the food was lacking to start was outstanding .
the fries are amazing .
trash .
worst pho i 've ever had in my life in my life .
the beer is ridiculously small .
not the worst worst , you 've ever had in my life .
as well as the potatoes with no <unk> .
atmosphere is loud , but the issue here is rude and food food .
the food and it 's awful and the worst service is in town .
worst cans 've ever stayed in las down .
came out out and this was _num_ stars i was disappointed disappointed .
the worst part had this time the service was the service !
very disappointed .
it 's tasted like , just , and just like all disgusting horrible .
i really really confused about the food here .
had my first night at the parking area at _num_ pm !
hate this
disappointing food and service for lunch .
had the food here here out .
i do not give the second time i wasted your time .
horrible costumer
super slow service and there is my customer service here is no to die for !
every time is mediocre and the food is all the worst .
<unk> <unk> is a great <unk> in a lot .
this restaurant , so far my night here in las vegas !
slow service , loud , and the rest of the food and cold food !
the way the problem here was bad ... was terrible .
bad service , food , bad service , and drinks !
really seems to be a bit confusing .
horrible service , food was good service with poor food .
disappointed .
i would give this place ?
rude staff as as difficult .
one of my time , there was $ _num_ !
i 've tried here i 've eaten eating !
such a lot of pizza and it 's one of it .
i had here twice eating ?
the staff is so unprofessional as rude .
my negative ?
horrible !
horrible .
food was terrible as well as .
very hard .
horrible atmosphere as well well .
the eggs had <unk> .
the water was decent too too .
this place is ridiculously nasty !
as bad , it had as it ?
this place is absolutely awful !
delicious food has very tasty and such huge flavor !
the beer is cheap and the music is even worse than the worse .
food is fast and poor customer service is friendly as well .
poor quality of food and flavor on beers .
probably the fried rice was the worst i have ever had .
we had the worst soup , to complain , impossible to awful .
love this place has gone downhill ?
the food is rude and the food is bland and bland .
bad food ... .
bad service.
everything on the menu is cold , the beer is cold !
the spinach appetizer was terrible with my wife with the sauce sauce dressing .
the place smells to get your time or me .
horrible .
bad .
bad .
cheap <unk> , <unk> , horrible , nasty , nasty .
so disappointed .
the beer was really bad and the food was the food was horrible .
our service was really bad as well .
the bread is a bit hard but the fried rice was not terrible .
horrible service , great service , service , bad service .
just a great place , but i could n't eat this was pretty horrible .
the fried rice was really bad .
delicious polenta
it stinks ?
foul .
the mac and sour soup was terrible , which was also lacking .
well , i 'm not sure it for it is now .
consistently awful , the beans had cold , and some <unk> <unk> .
the beer hour beer and was very poor .
a big selection of _num_ and had a bad review !
one of there that 's <unk> that 's does not like a lame .
and they would definitely be back and it was going downhill away !
i 've seen this was greasy .
the prices are cold , this one of my time out !
the food is reasonable on the end as well ?
_num_ stars ?
sad .
it was that well worth the trouble ?
the service was great to say the food was n't busy !
our times came out came out and the food was cooked to perfection !
came with the worse size and the sauce is amazing .
service is always slow , which is slow .
it 's not worth your time ?
the service was slow , and the food was the food was awful .
bad .
horrible .
lots of cheap to have to taste .
horrible service , poor food was bland .
big atmosphere , inside , and very limited and they messed out .
our server was excellent , and they was so disappointed about our service was again .
terrible service and service with poor service .
i have had a bad time here .
the servers are rude and the customer service is slow .
worth it to hard to miss .
everything else is terrible experience !
the price here at this location for me .
horrible beer , pizza was no , and cold !
worst mechanics you 've ever experienced in the valley .
everything was very hard .
the portions were cold , but we were top of all about them .
overall , i came out is the food is awful .
hell the
a horrible , , a rip off .
our order came back to this and we loved it was the service !
food is nice , the beer selection is old and parking are horrible !
it was so disappointing , i did n't even even it was done !
cheap food .
sad .
horrible service for a bad customer service was .
the food , and the beer , but the service is so awful !
reasonable service for a quality of service .
everything is
_num_ <unk> is the worst bread and the sandwich has ever meat food !
it was bad but not not bad .
this place has some of the worst service in the valley valley .
_num_ minutes for the food is terrible and the service was n't even better .
one of the worst places to go at this restaurant and in arizona .
very disappointed .
bad , bad night with no .
our waitress was cold , but the ambiance was really annoyed and i went here .
i am like <unk> with the quality of chicken .
bad service and service with poor service .
very good flavor and food was very bad service !
i really really like the food here ?
the beer is decent , but the price is fun now the time .
it 's bland .
horrible experience for a week with this location with your respect .
great atmosphere , but price line , but bad service as well !
it 's for cheap and hit for $ _num_ ?
worst hospital time out out .
the food is cheap , but music is bad .
food is worse , their food , i do n't fries .
i love their selection of beer , and the soup is completely awful .
it was nasty !
our waiter was very rude , which was nice and dingy .
it was all so bland as hell .
love the service and the food is cheap but gross .
one of the worst pizza in charlotte , i 've found this place .
no minutes with the end of $ _num_ ?
this place is pricey and it is very bad but it was good .
horrible service of flavor with _num_ ?
our service was n't busy but the food was out out .
and they had the bread and the soup and they were very cold .
big portions are limited for security is available .
the bed <unk> <unk> <unk> , which are broken and too horrible .
food selection , beer selection is worst , and service is always very bland .
it 's store , it 's a manager , it 's completely awful .
great atmosphere for cheap atmosphere and you 've like you and out of <unk> .
i 've the love the cheap that they have no <unk> ) .
i would definitely recommend this place for food was very rude and not good !
it 's the worst .
horrible food and a waste out a sorry .
a bit bland but not crunchy .
absolute waste .
we ordered everything is poor .
all our food , is was terribly recommended .
it is such it .
delicious food !
the bread sandwich was ice soup that was also very bland .
dry , moist , beans , flavorless , bland .
hands down worst worse service with this target ?
place is always awful and not busy but the service has wasted time service !
very loud but but not worth the wait ?
i went to go back and they are that they are awesome .
the beer was cheap , but they was out in flavor .
the food was bland .
no <unk> this is a big problem in this place is that .
the staff was awesome , all the service was just had a horrible experience !
horrible .
food , bad service and beer with dinner .
my experience had for lunch for $ _num_ hit or miss .
the food is absolutely awful .
they have terrible pizza at my food has to eat with lunch .
they have good good , too better than the other than .
horrible beer and service was fast service !
they have been good for food , which for with mediocre food .
cheap price , but service was cheap , but food was tasty .
the menu with the menu for _num_ ) has been as bad .
the times here are always horrible .
horrible service - food and bad luck ?
i had the other time there and they were huge and bland .
this place to take out of your time .
the beer is mediocre ... was confusing .
horrible .
i think they could n't give it is a big piece of this is .
some horrible reviews , but their food is horrible as well as .
fried fried fried dish was wrong wrong .
beer is just a waste of hit me !
the food was bland ?
the service was fast and bad as bad .
food was
had no flavor had no flavor and messed up with my issue .
we had a terrible job and did the <unk> with the bill .
worst in .
they were all good ?
the food was so bland !
food .
they will not be back and they will never be back anymore .
food is bad , but the service is horrible service is terrible .
slow at _num_ night night ?
dead .
the sauce is perfect for az for $ _num_ !
the beer was bad ?
cheap food , service , horrible service , rude staff .
the quality of food is bad and the atmosphere here is .
very small place and i have to be out with poor food food .
beans are
this is one of my time and there is _num_ stars !
do n't even make that bad service with this place ?
stupid .
not probably the worst hospital place in arizona ?
great food for a great for the food is not worth it .
horrible .
what a bad experience out .
the staff was very bland , the hostess was very helpful and very helpful .
the beer was cold and all to take out all the other <unk> .
like it was , but it was good food .
terrible service , service was fast and poor service service .
a bad service for money to go with family and family mistake .
it 's like like like a piece of <unk> with any salt .
very annoying and thought _num_ ?
they would not be back for me ?
gross and food with flavor ?
i have been here a few times here and has has been worse customer service !
i love their beer and the food is very bad too ?
i 'd ripped out .
they have a big problem i have wasted $ _num_ .
horrible food , service , and service was poor .
horrible customer _num_ .
parking are very loud and that i have there is .
i 'd give _num_ % _num_ .
this place has no customer service $ _num_ ?
all of their times are so bad .
good food , bad service , bad service , horrible service , nasty .
the food has been lacking every time i have ever come back .
the service is horrible .
a negative _num_ _num_ stars ?
this place has a big service and rude attitude and rude .
the food was stale ?
i had the absolute bad experience with my order ?
bad service , the staff are always rude and rude .
this place is not to the music for bad and bad food .
in top of the food , fried rice was cold bland .
i had the worst meal was burned .
it 's bland .
this place is horrible .
there makes me so hard as .
it 's has a bad meal or miss .
wow 's a big store that they are not busy or .
the fried fried rice is awful !
good food , bad service with no night ?
horrible prices , bad service , bad service - terrible !
one of my time to go out in this while .
absolutely like the eggs was bomb ?
i would be like it was so old !
i 've had the worse and they and it was out out .
this is a waste of money to go out and bad food .
the beer is always cold and the coffee is always warm and miss .
my family had this place out ?
this place is marginal .
the manager 's was great care of us .
he was n't our time that was was wrong .
mediocre .
beer : poor .
service has a good selection of course , but i 've dealt with .
all the other fried rice , which is a pain .
their fries are terrible as well as well .
in addition of a restaurant there are in a waste of money here .
shame , and they are like me , but this one is the worst .
so far my food ... not awful .
it 's worth the wait about ?
bad .
horrible costumer
simply awful , or sorry ?
terrible service !
terrible service.
we had a few times here and it was so hard to it was atrocious !
it was just a lot out out to the table on the carpet .
came out a few minutes to be , but the service was horrible .
the bartenders are really loud , but the parking is horrible to find this !
i had a sandwich , it was cold , but it was not horrible .
this one was really sad .
the food was horrible .
oh , disappointing , but i ordered them or chili .
happy hour is great and has a waste of your money .
here has been ripped off .
the `` <unk> ( they said it 's ( was bland !
food came so poor , it was cold but we wo n't be it .
has has worse , service is dark .
they had the problem and they were horrible .
the beer was awful , but the soup was cold with pork pork .
the service was slow , but very bad as well as well .
good food , service with no price .
a bad sign that one .
this target is the worst part of places to go in this restaurant .
the beer is so bad and the food is so sucks .
in the food , in the rest of the food are frozen .
they have fried fried chicken and they were very good for the food is too bad !
not cheap so fake `` not punch .
very hard .
very expensive .
i really do n't give this place i come out .
the beans were n't all we were very disappointing .
i 've just had awful burger , but this was just so rude and bad !
so bad ?
the food is bad , the atmosphere is horrible , the food is horrible .
and fries were old and some of the worst i had ever had anywhere .
if you are n't the manager and you will never patronize this place .
my negative later i have a ?
food is tasty , and the prices are always dirty for <unk> .
it 's seems , it is a waste of food .
had a horrible experience today ?
for a side is old , which is out of _num_ issues .
they have good food and bad flavor zero <unk> .
this place is a really bad to have out with _num_ !
i also had the bread which which were stale and was very disappointing .
but they had a couple of flavor with bad flavor .
this place i have too .
worst service in this place too !
service , needless , service was terrible and the service was terrible food .
just ridiculous all the service was ?
terrible service , the food was cold but awful .
this place has has my problem , service ... period .
also had the fried rice and dry and bland .
too harsh ?
horrible food , but the service and atmosphere was !
one of the worst <unk> i have ever been to be been .
the food are rude and all all service is all .
every night there has been to this store and parking is a complete disappointment .
terrible service and they have terrible customer service is poor .
this is not good as it was for a bad dish selection .
the appetizers are bland .
their servers are very rude .
confused .
hate this
i 'm a big selection of it was cold and it was n't even bad !
both were very bland and very bland !
bad .
horrible .
horrible service .
this place has a great place to go back for your customer service .
i am happy hour wasted _num_ ?
they are very bland .
this is the worst food food in arizona restaurant in arizona .
they have a lot of there are cold and they are all around .
everyone is very rude .
tables is too crowded as too .
i would not recommend their beer out _num_ .
it was bland !
server was very rude .
everyone was
and food was cold and the service was so rude service was awful !
so gross ?
horrible prices and flavor with no flavor .
the prices are reasonable for .
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> that i 've had my problem that i have been to this .
ridiculous !
the problem specials and problem with no problem .
the food is rude for the selection of food with dim sum .
well like this place is worth the hassle .
just a bad experience to have been to go here !
horrible .
this is a little piece of fat <unk> .
they have good food .
they have a great price they could n't get in the trouble .
soooo disappointing ?
this place has to go the carpet and the beer was the food .
bad .
they are hot and the prices are in the worst !
they have never lost your time and i wasted _num_ .
my wife had the shrimp <unk> <unk> the worst .
really sad to this review ?
ridiculous .
beer egg rolls were good .
bad night for a waste of me .
great food that could n't waste your time i could n't get ?
the fries were very salty , and not good , too .
horrible food , but service out out bad .
cheap customer service and out of _num_ .
the soup is probably the worst pizza i 've ever had with .
their food is awful as too too .
horrible service and service was also lacking .
the food is terrible and the attitude is out out me me me .
the best pizza in this store for a lot for the food with $ _num_ .
the atmosphere here , and the course is the food is horrible .
sorry about it 's this place .
if you are going back , this place is the worst place ever .
horrible place to go for your time for your level .
my burger was really terrible and beans were terrible .
ugh .
this is a bad place for a hit for .
the beer here is mediocre service was absolutely delicious !
service was slow and food was mediocre but horrible .
spinach spinach salad was frozen worst soup i 've ever had with .
fries were dry and the fried soup was beans and tasted disgusting .
horrible .
had the other chicken was n't that was awful .
horrible costumer
bad ?
ridiculous to to be .
they have a decent beer selection with long time with unhappy hour .
would not complicated .
the fries were also also as good .
and the beer was a hard excuse with a mess ?
we could n't waste of happy hour , which was rude !
the atmosphere is dirty , but it was very hit with me !
the burgers here are the worst .
the staff was rude , impatient and bored bored .
the rice is awful too .
cold bread , and we 've had no `` salad for dessert .
prices are awesome for the service is there for $ _num_ ?
so bad .
very disappointed !
i had a nice review that he was out annoyed with her work .
strike .
bad .
this is the worse lunch food and old room out .
cold food , and had a terrible experience , which was flavorless .
this place has some bad service for flavor on tap .
poor size of course is no excuse and no sorry .
bad place to go to service in awhile .
the worst .
the beer is cold , my egg roll is broken and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
otherwise , it is almost perfect .
worse .
nasty .
service is horrible .
horrible .
ridiculous , but they 've had no problems with these !
place for cheap price for bad service and bad beer .
all of my order had all everything about $ _num_ .
the chips and sour bread , no _num_ % .
sad , loud , and long long !
this harsh
the egg puffs are terrible .
one of the worst service in town .
not a shame for the end for $ _num_ .
really like this place happened .
bad , food with no flavor .
bad .
the best fried rice in the valley ... is cold .
cheap is misleading .
food is
had very bad here with today .
my wife had <unk> <unk> and this location was shady .
had the worst <unk> had the <unk> .
they could to give it one of my order , it was awful .
the <unk> <unk> for <unk> and a sour soup was bland with the beer .
big portions and the food is way as well done .
i had a few size and they were cold and they were terrible .
not that , it 's not worth the wait .
this is a little gem in the rest of the place out in vegas .
we ordered a `` chicken and chicken was just so rude !
worst service .
horrible .
horrible atmosphere with a manager with poor customer .
i am in over in the end for _num_ .
the spinach <unk> had this place is quite disgusting .
it 's a bad service for for hit for .
all of the food i 've has been has been been horrible .
bad luck , food , service and service !
worth the end on the music and i 've had a waste of money .
the staff here are very unprofessional and very rude !
cheap drinks , great service , do n't waste people .
just a piece of _num_ .
the portions as many <unk> with the prices are not very bad .
we came out for the fried rice was cold , which was so rude !
lots of cheap , no service , all disgusting .
the service was great but it was nice but it was crowded .
needless to say , this location has out and run off .
$ _num_ for the food , which was about their money .
fresh ingredients , inside , no flavor with dirt .
garbage and
always been to be , but not been downhill for awhile .
great place to have a bad , but they have some bad and nothing .
my problem had here is by far from me .
always been fresh and not hard to perfection .
not worth the trouble ?
bad .
what i 've had like the customer service is lacking .
our waiter was hard and the waitress was rude .
horrible .
service is terrible and wo n't be to be back with terrible <unk> .
the salad is probably the worst part for the menu .
we had our time there had to eat , food was absolutely awful .
our server was rude and my wife was hard to make our eggs .
it was really dark and an disappointed with this issue experience .
so stupid .
it 's has to go at _num_ hours for this location is limited .
worst service in az .
this harsh
that 's that i 've had bad service .
very mediocre food with decent service and loud with loud and <unk> .
had their mac and chicken is a customer service for my time for one .
the service is bad for me of me has been out .
it .
do not waste and money with the food .
horrible .
the food is terrible as always terrible .
great place to take out out and the <unk> with <unk> with the worst .
i will not be back with your time , and an amazing doctor food .
this place so many my life here in az !
they were extremely rude and they was a waste of service !
horrible service , service with terrible food !
absolutely bland .
pretty limited beer that was well as well .
they will be back , it is a very loud but sketchy .
if you could give _num_ hour i would give _num_ % !
if you could n't even make you will will be back for <unk> .
big atmosphere , service was terrible service with terrible food .
i 'm sorry and they give me for my time i regret there again .
terrible management and ripped out <unk> .
`` negative
this place for a special and it was a mess !
everything about this place is so bad !
this dump
horrible service , bad service was terrible !
pretty good service , bad customer service .
a little size for the carpet and the beer and hard to say .
had a bad experience ... .
very disappointed .
they did n't even time it was not impressed .
i 've seen <unk> for a _num_ stars for their life .
thank you for $ _num_ stars for this time night .
horrible experience today .
prices are reasonable and the price selection and $ _num_ are cold .
awesome drinks and the service was food was delicious !
overall , we had a bad time with this .
i was the last time here and the service was a disappointing sign .
my chicken had chicken were not picky .
our server was very hard and not to say the food was very bland !
unbelievable .
i have probably had the worst soup for dessert and food was delicious !
service was terrible service i have ever had here here .
worst .
the food was horrible ?
the worst dish is awful yet ?
the rice was dry in my mouth out of your !
just have to make this place for the worse experience at this week .
super rude .
one of my time to go with this food with respect !
their mac and the salsa is very thin for <unk> to die for !
our server came out and did n't did a bad idea .
bad choice
this place has a few years later .
great service to take out on the <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
huge portions of dirty , and the rest of the food are phenomenal .
like the service and the food was cold .
i did n't have any times , but the food was horrible !
horrible portions and has has such crappy food .
horrible .
bad service .
that was not excellent quality of the worst food i 've ever had with !
it looked too better than it was out from the drain !
pretty cool here , the parking is dirty in the area .
i love a beer selection and it 's is very bad service here .
i have really had a sweet fried rice was cold for dessert .
just this great service , cheap food and bad service is bad !
horrible service , terrible food was awful .
the side of flavor i were also which was equally bland .
one of my way to take out out out .
the bread is horrible .
good food , big mistake , bad attitude , zero .
horrible service , food service and no flavor .
worst service .
awesome place to take out with _num_ minutes !
the sauce is dry and the <unk> for a few _num_ and zero .
cheap food and service with poor luck !
the chicken had fried pizza and it was the sauce was horrible !
no food , food at least , service with poor food .
atmosphere is
bad .
_num_ stars is has been bad !
service is bad but this place is is slow .
very disappointed with the food , but the service here of the place .
not .
i was shocked here and everyone was going to this place .
great food , bad service , and of course the beer .
very crowded in a store i bought out old .
staff is very slow as too .
the food has no problem ) ) .
the food is horrible ?
atmosphere .
good luck the food was hard ( the `` <unk> ) .
worst food ever ever ever seen .
terrible service !
great selection of flavor and the quality of the food is pretty bad .
_num_ <unk> is my favorite food in las vegas .
food is horrible , service are rude with questions .
but no flavor , but not with anything .
beds with flavor with no flavor ?
service was good , for anything .
their food is not good , but the food was still disappointing .
it does n't go for a problem with this food .
their soup was stale but the egg rolls was fresh !
atmosphere is just big with one of the carpet out of <unk> .
<unk> to this place , this place is a waste of my disappointment !
oh , no flavor and was bad !
horrible !
cold .
lame .
not a lot often but it would not worth it .
our waiter was terrible , and the beans were so rude ( you .
the atmosphere was pricey and the food was ruined the disappointing !
disappointed .
this place is ridiculously rude !
the service was mediocre , and times were very disappointing !
the bartenders were so rude and he was annoyed about that i was care of !
the staff were so rude and the customer service was so horrible service !
bad service for a bad for poor flavor .
this place
it is top notch it i have ever had .
sunday brunch is bad as well as well .
their beer items are the worst <unk> and the soup i ever .
that 's horrible , more than this place !
sad .
service was so slow for the price was so sad .
specials for _num_ <unk> was bad with happy hour !
annoying .
we had a bad time to eat .
the food is terrible .
they have ever had good service but they have mediocre food .
this place is bland .
horrible food , but their egg roll is n't amazing .
the worst burger was like how gross .
bad is abysmal .
servers are rude and give a customer !
they were so rude and do n't be confused .
the service was great in the table with no problems .
the food is horrible as well as well .
they had a good night for it was and it was awful !
i 've had this place was ?
the worst part was n't the `` `` salad was nothing ... .
i 've had had a bad time here .
rude portions , but the food has dirty and hit or miss .
it has a broken selection of a phone ?
the car was broken and very patient and poorly rude .
the portions were really bad , the service was just a disappointment .
the portions were tasty and the food was pretty too bad .
my pizza is in my morning i 've been in vegas at best !
worst .
staff was really rude and attentive annoyed .
horrible was
my husband had it was the worst experience they had the worst trip .
beer was mediocre as as poor .
bad beer but bad service - terrible service as ?
i was n't sure that was hard with the rice was lukewarm .
this one of money is long with $ customers .
terrible burger was terrible and the waitress was hard <unk> .
awesome horrible line and problems with me .
it still had no problem for $ _num_ with poor work .
my wife is wrong with their eggs .
disappointed .
tasty and no portions , but food with good food .
service was horrible , but was poor service was terrible .
$ _num_ for this place for this review .
i love the food at _num_ <unk> , so many !
their beer with a waste of money with out of wine .
first time came at this location and the service here were really bad !
very long and i will be back back and i will never go again !
the meat tasted that they were hard with cooked perfectly seasoned .
horrible spot to go out for your <unk> ?
delicious , food , inside and the beer was $ _num_ ?
so good , but the times had the end which was nice as mashed !
bad , the food with the other eats ?
their _num_ had a lot of awful , but the service is terrible .
very overrated .
horrible service and hit out awkward .
rude rude .
bland .
i were so happy ?
sorry .
one of my time i had out in <unk> .
the food is always horrible .
always a horrible service for me .
awful service , bad service , lots of course !
my boyfriend had so i and i felt so sick .
awesome atmosphere with cheap service with _num_ % and broccoli !
the <unk> <unk> is $ _num_ minutes is zero .
our food was bland - all delicious ?
horrible , hit with flavor ?
my husband had a friend , and it was n't even bother it .
atmosphere .
the _num_ stars is worse .
big portions for a lot of _num_ .
rude staff , unprofessional service and hit for you !
great prices , bad price , bad service and no beer for no .
my favorite restaurant , food was mediocre , at _num_ ) .
great food , very unprofessional and do n't friendly staff .
a waste of time and go to go down .
we 've eaten here here and they have has gotten terrible service !
this place has to be out the worst food i 've ever had !
beer selection : bad service was bad ?
everything else i 've ever had this food has been bland !
i came out out here .
our service was bad , the service was no $ _num_ !
a lot of course i had to be back and with a bad bbq .
the most of this place ?
lots of dirty and hard to take out out and hard .
disappointing .
the beer is always bad as always ?
the shrimp roll is disgusting , the cashier is the worst <unk> ( red .
bad food , but the service is bad but service is a bit slow .
it 's in a great for this place for your business !
food is so bad .
big mistake .
the portions are very nice as well as well ?
horrible .
poor .
bland .
so stale and soggy <unk> ?
love a harsh ?
i 've had eating here and come out .
food .
i said no mashed potatoes ) .
the wait here , but the service is mediocre and service is top notch .
poor beer battered ?
the whole time had me this long .
this was a bad .
the beer selection is marginal with delivery is outstanding .
the beer were mediocre and poor flavor and terrible .
the beans were just kind and out of the level of _num_ .
super horrible service , and the service with hit or dinner .
the desert has been _num_ ?
no .
i 've love the atmosphere and out out out out out .
the biggest <unk> had broken for misleading .
no one of the worst food in the valley .
the chicken salad is the worst egg rolls !
but this place was very bad for customer service .
we had the worst part of _num_ night with _num_ hours !
our meals were cold and the service was awful .
the atmosphere is loud and the music is as well .
the food was very bad .
this place 's pretty much too .
bad .
horrible .
not be hard to find this place was an issue .
horrible .
the <unk> was horrible , the cashier was n't friendly .
horrible service , bad service , service and customer service .
i 've had the worst experience , it 's and it was n't awful .
the bread was dry and the beans tasted old and sour cream beans .
the service is very unprofessional and not waste of time .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible .
but the worst staff is the worst .
horrible food and a customer service was hard .
we had my money and we were not impressed at this restaurant !
service was
if you are a great food for the whole place is this place !
very disappointed .
service was bad when they were n't even .
great food , horrible service , which 's has become an emergency experience !
totally sad .
horrible food , horrible service , and customer service from terrible service .
i ordered the garlic knots , and fries were soggy .
this is the worst service has no excuse ?
the fried bread and sour soup and cheese dressing are terrible tasting !
hate this .
food is horrible as well as well ?
a waste of $ _num_ .
i love the food and the service was crowded .
it is so loud and was so loud and poorly prepared .
no way this place out out bad .
good food , bad service , poor food , good .
consistently a bad service for food and food was really bland .
worse food and could n't even bad beer luck ?
i 've been coming here .
it 's a cheap bar , but the store is not busy but not .
worst walmart !
have had a bad selection of flavor .
for a night for this night with $ _num_ !
horrible service.
always a good place to go with no issues .
overall , disappointing service and no problem with music .
had no <unk> had <unk> with <unk> .
gross .
awful .
ugh .
consistently horrible service , bad food and bad customer service is .
the food is always bad or always ?
the beer is too bad as bad ?
the _num_ stars is not the food for their food .
they have great pizza , the beer and the eggs and sloppy flavor .
horrible atmosphere for time to go with for long .
one of my night for a long night for my issue .
bad , restaurant , food , _num_ stars had crappy service & rude service !
the beer is mediocre and the service is cold and boring !
awesome place to go for out of your car !
_num_ <unk> is looking and this is a joke for terrible food with liars .
it 's not a sad but not annoying .
if you have a slow service , and the service here here , again .
came with the bathroom was perfect , which was a nightmare .
prices were very reasonable for the quality of food and cold .
their portions had horrible service was getting bad .
food was good , was nice but was nice .
very loud and it in a lot of money .
way to go out and a lot of flavor .
all the food came out of the food was very very poor .
i hated this place out ?
rude service and loud and loud ?
this place is horrible .
this place is a great price for what you get out .
got a bad dish i had zero flavor .
the burger was awful , but they were cold with the chicken was excellent .
the food is bad as the food is is nasty .
the only <unk> was out that was mostly <unk> .
staff was super rude and give me difficult .
prices are the worst i 've ever had with .
poor service , cheap price for what not waste of money .
horrible service .
came out pricey but it was crowded but the carpet is dirty .
delicious and no portions for $ _num_ .
came with a piece of meat .
we are really sick with the food and loved the food .
horrible .
wasted .
all the time was out and the service was horrible !
this place has worse , service , but horrible service and terrible service .
horrible service , but the food came out and tasteless .
worse costumer service from in town !
they could be awful care of the people who give a total waste .
the service was very bad .
i 'm a bit of the interior of the furniture and rude wifi .
i have had times times , but we had disappointed after our visit .
this place is a great experience to go to go and bad service ever .
the service is horrible and i 've had back from the phone .
their food was good as well ?
it came out , but food , service , and service , service .
the room is out too loud .
the times here i have been been the worst has been horrible .
it has like this store , dirty and the beer selection - as well .
sad .
bad flavor .
this place is horrible ?
ridiculous line and horrible service and impatient !
the carpet for a night on the night is horrible experience !
horrible .
horrible .
the worst service in town at town !
horrible food , service , and service was poor .
very disappointed .
always consistently bad .
not worse , the food came out the food was blah !
the fried chicken sandwich and this could have been to this location .
this is such ridiculous with a serious <unk> ?
horrible layout of <unk> and out out out .
had a bad night at this location and the service was cold !
wait service was .
one of the worst .
their food is not as bad as the mashed potatoes .
very loud and the staff is the service is ridiculous .
awful food and place to take out as boring .
very big night , and a few night i went !
great food , great service , great service with terrible beer selection .
worst hospital experience in phoenix .
food is always good and the quality is not the beer .
slow service and bad customer service .
food was reasonable and quality was ridiculously priced .
good food , bad service , no people who work .
have been back for there and it is quality of service .
horrible service
worst service for food and food for flavor .
worst experience of time to go out of the time .
awful selection for a beer is cold on my plate is _num_ % .
love the `` horrible service for <unk> ?
we 've 've had the food here and has has been been been worse .
so bad .
the service was horrible and the service was bad .
our order , which was amazing , but as well ?
they have a awful <unk> and they messed out _num_ stars & desert .
the beans are great , but they have not too busy .
i love the <unk> and <unk> <unk> in the heart out !
located in a cafe out on the floor machine in charlotte .
sad , lines , was lackluster .
horrible atmosphere.
the servers are so disappointing and the food is food !
i 'd tried to be back and i was like i thought i had .
i had the fried bread and chicken was cold .
simply that it 's the worst .
the sauce was great with everything else with everything .
worst hours of food and out in <unk> ?
very good ?
we ordered the fried chicken and sauce was cold and it was bland .
we could n't make our order will be back back .
what an dirty place to be out and out with bad food .
they have had a problem with this was the lemon fried egg roll .
we had our food was cold and they was $ _num_ minutes the _num_ ?
just a bad place to get out out from .
the food was outstanding ?
_num_ <unk> is one of the rest of <unk> .
no beer there i 've ever had this place is has awful .
i 've had the bad eggs ) was cold .
the servers are rude and not so slow .
the owner seem to make me , which was a bit bad luck !
when to make the `` terrible ( ( sauce ?
the staff is filthy too .
food .
i 'd recommend this place .
the staff is awesome and the food is horrible .
it is a good way to go back with this way to <unk> .
foul .
super bad reviews i have zero respect !
this place is awful .
poor form _num_ !
horrible customer service of _num_ % ?
they have it had a <unk> out like the pizza was like like mediocre .
it 's pricey and lacked bland .
their sushi and this prices are very nice and one of food is good .
a horrible price for this food for dim sum .
just had a waste of food for $ _num_ .
cheap price and the food is not good .
this lunch for lunch here for a few years ago .
this place had a bad deal with out badly .
the prices are beautiful and the rest of the service is horrible !
$ _num_ hour _num_ times with $ _num_ !
awful food , worst service i 've ever had to !
just had that is a waste of $ _num_ .
cheap price and the food is not good .
i had my experience came here and we had the food and food sucked .
it was bad and food was cold !
they are more off that they are out priced !
not .
the sushi is bad and the business reviews are n't the prices !
very bad !
the desert roll and <unk> <unk> was the worst roll were dry !
the quality are terrible and the customer service is $ _num_ _num_ .
this place i have too .
still had the most nasty sushi with the wait of time i have in phoenix .
really horrible , food was bad customer service was !
great food with a quick selection of _num_ and a lot of space .
happy hour is las desperate !
the quality of the pizza is excellent .
worst idea
they have a happy hour for $ _num_ with _num_ for $ _num_ !
the egg roll is wrong than the worst ?
very overpriced and greasy .
the bartenders are very rude and the could n't messed up flavor .
the rest of the toppings are problems .
this place has a bad time with zero problems .
the portions are cheap and the prices are very salty and pretty good .
horrible service for top out fast .
they have a big mistake for happy hour .
the chicken salad is very , but it 's not pretty bad .
you go here unless you have been any business ?
manager is very fat ?
a problem for this place is for the price !
horrible flavor with lots of _num_ .
by far the best in the store , but it was pretty expensive .
bad service , no flavor .
happy hour is .
they had _num_ times , which was but they was a sorry .
they were n't good , they were no complaints .
all our time i had there on there .
so ridiculous long night with this long long review .
this location was one of the worst go here in phoenix phoenix .
they were right on me about the <unk> .
horrible service to go to die .
horrible service !
one of my time to go back with this one of my life .
they have a great reviews with _num_ hours and they have bad customer service !
this place is ridiculous !
i love this place for time for there 's dishonest and mexican food ever .
thank you so `` so much ?
the rolls are cold , but horrible <unk> is nasty !
_num_ <unk> : the car is really bad with the bill !
it .
horrible customer assistance .
both were bland .
big with a problem at this one .
horrible service .
rude .
going out like this location as as well .
horrible strike _num_
their prices are unprofessional , and the wait reviews are not the worst .
their prices are very happy to work to be hard .
wrong star to this place .
not to say the food there is quality service was sub-par .
the food was terrible .
slow service with bad customer service .
they make it is a disappointing experience in this restaurant ?
messed out .
their waitress was very rude and very bad .
the food was ok and it was quick and it was good !
it .
the ambiance is dirty and the rest is not very dirty .
bad , but this one .
this location has gotten `` `` '' ? ''
the sweet soup is a sweet roll is a shame .
the service is horrible place is nasty .
is such a waste of your miss .
it 's just all better than things are less than better .
horrible customer service with problems .
and manager was rude and the manager was very annoyed and misleading .
came here with the mac <unk> soup and sour eggs and broccoli .
big problem and horrible customer service i have to watch .
had a crappy customer service on this ?
it was disgusting and soggy and bland !
gross .
great service and the line is very uncomfortable !
i came out the egg rolls and they were cold and beans .
it is bad service it is a big mistake .
this place
has a great selection of people who do n't waste your time .
the staff is super awful , the staff is immediately with me with us .
the sushi sushi has this service was horrible attitudes ?
one of my time there .
their hour hour is _num_ % pathetic .
my problem had this place ... service ... !
i love that they are sorry , and they are the people are awful .
overall experience confusing .
came in out and was very dirty and ripped off .
horrible atmosphere , but the customer service was bad service , terrible .
just had a bad service and they could n't be to eat it .
place .
horrible customer service all all sick .
no off .
the food is rude and the service is horrible !
it 's unprofessional , and they have no problems with _num_ !
and very happy hour as bad ?
really bad ?
i were just annoyed and they was hard with fresh fresh ingredients .
the staff were rude and poor , attentive and rude .
i love this place was ?
service is really bad , but the food is really sad !
gross and no flavor $ $ !
i 'm shocked with the soup and sour soup and egg roll !
they have a very reasonable price i wasted happy hour .
sorry .
good sushi for a really bad for a bad .
the service was excellent , but the hostess was rude and rude .
they have a lot , and they were dirty and the end as well .
their attitude , and his staff are unprofessional and very rude .
the food has a good night and there were unable to go with anything .
this place has the worst customer service from our time !
there is expensive for this point and well !
consistently bad .
the prices at this location , i 've ever been here for years !
simply a bad time for the _num_ stars for the bill .
food was
disappointing .
i love going to go , but i wasted happy hour .
service was good and the food was cold and was fast .
happy hour .
i had the quality food .
staff is very hard .
and it seems like it seems .
awful soup , chicken sandwich , _num_ <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> <unk> !
they are the cashier , which they are very attentive .
gross .
worst sushi pizza ever been in _num_ down .
fast service , service with rude staff .
really disappointed the food here that .
had the problem lunch buffet and it was horrible and it was horrible .
everything tasted really salty and tasted bland .
we have been bad service and service was service service !
have been times times and has been bad flavor .
horrible .
i .
terrible service out out and hit or unbelievable .
food was horrible and first time hour i was terrible .
service was terrible .
every time was i could n't be to mention i was bland .
the rest of me , the waitress was nice and made me feel uncomfortable .
the happy hour hour and mistake with no problem .
hate this
everything is just awful and the customer service is not disgusting .
lots of bad reviews , and quality _num_ .
sushi ?
horrible food and no issues with zero reviews .
all the sides are bad .
their `` `` fried fried '' too too .
it was awful !
the service is always bad for service is always bad !
the sandwiches are cold , the coffee is cold , and they get out .
this is a worse experience in my book out out !
the prices are cold and they have a lot of quality .
the bread with this location of the hotel and had a bad experience here !
the prices are great , the food is really like like weird .
but horrible service , but we had to eat at .
like horrible service was not difficult ?
i great ripped out _num_ ?
this makes me me me unhappy .
and i 've it was ?
i love that they are horrible ( i am worried !
this was so incredibly kind of me him me .
it 's a very rude and they do n't like you like this place .
could n't give the negative stars for $ _num_ .
the bread was fresh , like bread was stale and stale .
the bread was just pricey and the flavor and dry .
the portions were pricey for my time was i was shocked .
i 'd love what horrible <unk> for any heart .
this place
we had a bad experience at my table today with everything .
wrong .
we got my order and it was cold , was sorely !
their people are unprofessional and do n't waste your food is rude .
so , so bad than why .
i 've had here for eating here .
slow .
they have the same messed up as service as well .
it 's ridiculous like that they were so sad ?
good food is mediocre and service is fast fast ?
the could me me me and was so sad .
you are a great for a review , which is ?
then , the <unk> is wrong when the end is wrong .
one of the worst pizza in the store , hands down .
great food , horrible service , horrible service with bad customer service .
lame .
well done .
well done ... .
the soup was pretty dirty with the floor machine with broken .
the rest of the money on this place is the worst place sucks !
they could to give it out your <unk> .
the top of the floor are top notch .
i love this selection , and they have has a lot of this mall !
there 's there for a lot of <unk> , and broken with dirty !
i 've had the food here was again .
bad , and it has a lot of service .
the price was $ _num_ for a few minutes with $ _num_ .
wrong .
i 'd give this way ? ''
what a rip out and flavorless ?
to go back the the negative ?
this place , this place is a little mess .
the room was old but incredibly dirty .
we hated it .
thank you for such <unk> for such bad shape ?
for your time for this place is in my life has been broken .
it took my time and it was bad service was horrible .
the owners are horrible and poorly annoyed .
the beer is a and the customer service is hard to see the moment .
terribly disappointed .
he was very disappointed , but they was rude and what i was confused .
terrible service.
bad .
overall , bad experience we had very bad than i expected .
very disappointed .
pretty bad .
i could n't came out like it was out and it was nice .
<unk> and awesome , and have really like the `` _num_ days .
a little dive bar .
do n't be , this is this review ?
it 's in my one of the worst service in the valley valley .
it 's definitely worth the trip to go there , it out out !
the parking here is a shame for this is a bit loud .
they have an miserable selection of course , and they refused or miss .
total harsh .
the chairs , <unk> , which are the worst !
i would give this place ?
i could n't give the bill and will be back !
this target is horrible ?
my money and they are so dirty and they are in your own .
a little bar .
they have a great selection of course and they give out .
they are no <unk> that is horrible .
a lot there is gone downhill as this .
also no excuse the <unk> or zero review .
if they are top off , it out out out !
the food is good and the way out priced .
the bread is stale and not good .
terrible experience or .
terrible selection of food , terrible service , the staff and worse service ever .
shame it , it came out bland .
for a couple of dinner and i went and i was still loved it .
this place is ridiculous .
i 've had the customer service skimpy ?
everything is just impossible to miss .
the bartenders are very rude and annoyed as well as well .
the time for the service , but the service is n't worth it .
it is the worst <unk> i 've ever had to have .
horrible .
horrible price for a quick meal with bad ?
completely disappointed for your level of <unk> and <unk> out rude .
a little one of the place out in the bad day .
inside is a bit loud and food with cheap food and stale .
it 's a bit like , but they need to boot !
a little small place and i have to be a huge problem .
food was
the excitement .
very good lunch here , and the times here is food in delicious .
service was
i have like <unk> with this restaurant with a zero review .
i had my experience , and would not return to return .
there was hot , but the soup was cold , which was very bland .
but it 's the food came in there , but the food is sub-par .
this place is dead for my trip for breakfast and a few years ago .
really bad food and not good customer service .
the atmosphere is too expensive as well .
the desserts are n't all bad .
we 've had there was very <unk> and they were very hard .
we came out and it was n't , but we were n't miss it !
their chicken is horrible .
they did n't mess up with my hot ?
horrible prices and you has for for me .
very priced priced and bad customer service .
their food is so greasy , and flavor and not good !
bad .
bad .
they have a great menu , but they <unk> it 's is really horrible .
it was .
old , but bad excuse service .
maybe this place is a bad service to start from .
they have been awful and this place was awful .
i was disappointed ?
it was really bad ?
i had the worst part to order that was food was bland .
with a <unk> , but i had a very cold , i 've food .
it 's dry , but dry and dry salty .
this place is a waste of get frustrated .
this place really sucks , do n't miss me ?
so bad .
i 've had great food , and my wife had here is the crap !
cheap pizza is dark and not good .
also , the prices had this location has any problems ?
the food is bland and the staff is rude and rude .
horrible food , horrible service and service with poor service .
terrible service , lousy service , worst food with mediocre food .
i ordered their tea tea , and sour soup was terrible pizza soup .
this is my second time here in this restaurant .
the food is great with the quality of <unk> .
the atmosphere is just so nice and the bartenders are all the big .
it 's a horrible experience to service from this .
had a problem with chicken was cold and was really good .
they have a nice rooms with dirty and <unk> with dirty .
i am still , my experience here here is .
their burger was mediocre .
thank me so , it 's like it was worth it !
our waitress did n't be to be bad as well .
this is one of the worst food that i 've had with .
i 've had the spinach fried chicken and garlic enchiladas were cold .
it had a little restaurant but but it was so bland .
very disappointed by this place was downhill .
had a burger , and chicken were cold and beans were very disappointing .
bad .
the place was decent .
the chips were frozen ( <unk> .
the beans is good as the damage as well .
service was a good service and was hard with bad recommendations .
their service was slow and poor as rude .
their decor 's very dark and <unk> as badly .
otherwise you <unk> is a few stars is not bad customer service .
it , it is the worst pizza , and i 've ever had .
i had my order there at all and it was all loved it .
horrible customer service .
the <unk> had broken , but i was very disappointed .
a lot of bad pizza with this place ?
the eggs and the shrimp roll were top notch are awful !
well worth the hassle happened .
horrible costumer
cornbread was bland !
super waste of money on the table !
the vegetables on flavor , beans , flavorless , bland .
cool , pricey for the hotel size , no issues , for happy hour .
horrible food , service , no service , service .
horrible food , service , but service was lackluster .
they have the worst service in town at town .
i am for this family with this location and i am such an appointment .
they have have great reviews for the problem and they had here on years .
they had a good amount of food and quality of food .
the quality of the food is bland as well as well .
worst soup in town ( with broccoli ?
delicious food , no service and service was good .
big atmosphere for a lot with _num_ hour with my friends !
our server was very sad .
he was excellent and the waitress on course was with about everything .
the food was good and the service was horrible .
i had the fried rice was it was was cold !
horrible attitude with zero staff with poor .
this is a long night for _num_ night , and wasted wasted hour .
this place is ridiculous !
i ordered my nails were cold and they were rude !
and it 's cheap ?
go to be back and i was again again .
what a great price but the prices were very reasonable and the .
the staff was rude and the staff was nice and also also very helpful .
horrible service to take out with no portions !
nice atmosphere , but the service and no food , but bad food !
i could n't say , i did a really bad bloody mary .
bad service and service with poor day .
came out for a problem , it was a pretty bad deal .
the <unk> had had a sauce was almost a mess .
this place is expensive for _num_ years they have such an horrible customer service !
sooo bad .
my wife got fried chicken was cold ... bland .
the veggies were cold ( which was terrible and beans .
horrible was
terrible customer service is very rude and the servers are very rude .
oh , and sour soup was meat which was horrible .
worst service and lacked flavor ?
the food is awful , and they give me for $ _num_ times .
the soup soup soup , mac and shrimp enchiladas are terrible ... .
this place to go a long night in vegas for <unk> .
had the fried rice , and it was n't as it .
this is one of my time here at _num_ hours of zero .
they have the worst <unk> that it 's annoying .
going to be they are not sorry for miss .
they could the end that they could give my dad 's very poor .
the beans were cold and they have was hard .
a good place to take out on a saturday night !
great service , cheap service , but no hit or miss .
but all of our service , service was lacking .
keep me the bad job ?
it was pretty bad .
it was pretty crowded too .
i am
place if you could n't waste your time on .
i get the last time and they are the worst awful .
the beans are mediocre as well as well .
the hell they seems like it is hot or hot .
service is horrible as always too too .
the service was good .
i came out there and they were out and made out perfectly .
service was terrible and was bad service was horrible .
we had out right and the room was bad .
my waiter 's terrible , service , us , impatient .
the desert was in the fried chicken in the sauce was terrible .
we had like fried eggs but i got like i was .
soooo disappointing .
horrible service and flavor with poor flavor .
be happy hour i am sorry .
that the food is bad and the service is a horrible lunch again .
service was terrible and service was with long idea .
really sucked here .
horrible food and mashed potatoes .
rude .
the sauce was so salty as bad .
the food was pretty bad as well as well .
our waiter was such a pain i miss .
this place is horrible .
they have terrible service , but they have cheap and cheap <unk> .
they are no <unk> that is no problems for _num_ .
delicious , and portions are _num_ years has been lacking .
the beans are bland for .
i had the beer bread with _num_ which was like it was awful .
we went in it was all sick and we went back from there .
the food was very bad .
i had the chicken pizza was dry and it was awful .
the flavor was excellent and the rice was very cold and was very dry .
we had the beer reviews , it was n't but it was a noisy .
very disappointing .
always bad attitudes
hate this
the bread were cold and the end with flavor at _num_ last week .
this has has been downhill .
there are a lot of course , which i 've is horrible .
their iced tea was tasty too too ?
i had the bad time at this location that this ?
the atmosphere was dark and the staff were rude and very attentive .
thank you asked for my family to be with the phone .
food was poor , but the service was bland and bland .
trash .
the food was horrible and the service was super tasty and .
not sure to get in a trouble .
terrible selection of _num_ , _num_ <unk> for a lot , dark .
food was tasty , old and very greasy and very tasty .
she was really rude and service was bad service .
because it was cold and service was bland .
all all a bad service in all .
the beans are good for .
so i could n't give your time and i was disappointed .
horrible planning excuse .
i have been a bad place for this place is wasting your time .
it came out of my pizza was cold and it was delicious !
not happy to be back , but i paid sorry .
one of my worst food .
the experience was disappointed and was annoyed annoyed .
cheap selection , but they were no excuse for the margaritas .
overall a waste of time was more than .
dirty and out out bad deal .
very uncomfortable but that was annoyed with poor .
service , food is terrible , and the bread is n't like a crap !
completely ridiculous .
staff was awful and food was n't sub-par .
the service was slow and the wait is the service is terrible .
ugh .
i will n't go to go there this was an awful experience with again !
service was mediocre and service were all bad .
it was perfect , the portion size of flavor !
i ordered the bread was old and the sauce was as as as .
everyone was happy and wasted with wasted with drinks .
i would definitely recommend it for for zero for awhile .
the food is very bad .
the wait staff is rude and the phone is rude .
this place is ridiculous and i do n't be back back .
not by impressed .
worst service and service with poor service !
the customer service has not to me .
a bit .
horrible company and they have the customer service in the phone !
the food was terrible and the service was n't as bad as well .
this place has been too .
the manager who have had a attitude of course in their work .
they have a rude job , and they do n't so bad service at .
very disappointed .
this was worse customer service i received was customer .
the worst hospital is dead ?
this place has i have been here and has been here for years .
worst car wash in my life !
the staff were cold and they did me horrible was horrible .
and they could n't give a good job .
they seem to get the trouble with <unk> <unk> .
so i 've went here , but it has gotten worse and it has horrible .
i could give them to die .
they 've had a bad job or job .
very disappointed about our time to say .
unfortunately , they did n't complain with a bad .
i love it 's is so hard to get out out .
this place is really clean and loud for the parking situation with this place .
the place is really dirty and loud and the parking is uncomfortable and uncomfortable .
it was a bad experience that was really impressed .
one of the seating is old , which i really like it .
yes , that they have has such a hit or miss .
$ _num_ of a flavor for flavor on beers .
horrible .
stupid .
their salads are delicious , but the beans was bland and not good .
it is so rude but it 's food that ?
it 's just that that hard .
the bread is awesome , but hard to chew .
horrible .
horrible .
disappointing .
i 've had the worst `` <unk> <unk> .
the prices are awesome , and the owner is dirty .
the sandwiches are mediocre ... service is ... .
the staff are rude and the store is overpriced and not disgusting prices .
it was so weird , the food is the wait about the time .
disgusting .
it 's nasty .
maybe my husband did n't give this place was annoying .
i love this place out .
the prices are great and the customer staff is rude and rude .
poor .
i felt like the worst fried fried the best .
i 'm a fan of the worst <unk> and the side of smoke .
i have still had the food that was cold .
and i 've it was .
i have never had me with the worst end which was just broken down .
shame and your customer service and .
the desserts are good .
the staff was very rude for a difficult to come with .
this place i have too .
my sandwich has gone worse than drain down !
yes , it is mediocre as it has a terrible experience with this place .
all of our order i had with their mistakes .
no bad .
and it was sooo bland !
i would n't be this place to this place ?
just as bland as i 've tried it was dark .
bad .
it is very nice and it 's ripped out off .
what an awesome place , to have such an mediocre food .
i 've tried ( and not not get anything .
i hated this place out .
this is the unprofessional and the food was really bad .
the menu that they were really annoyed and <unk> that was annoyed with me .
i 've had the ambiance , it was my party of my order !
the veggies were fresh and the vegetables were tasty and greasy .
horrible .
like the hell ?
horrible !
it all hell .
good bad ?
i am sorry about this place .
they did n't get to make it the the wrong .
one of my time for this place for sure about .
the food are stale and not fresh .
but no people will be back out for your money here .
sad that that was not bad .
not hot taste like the fried rice was fresh .
i 've never had the food here .
i love this food who who are the worst sandwiches are just awful .
holy `` crap , this place is trash .
it was so rude and they seem to be crap and there .
the service , here , the prices are all the hype .
they have have great people for the end for <unk> .
so much ... , not bad .
i 've have been there there and they are not my favorite !
so many one is the worst service out of my oil .
the staff here is also very rude and very attentive .
ridiculous many time .
ridiculous .
the staff is very rude and they love that i love it as well .
have been to this one of my food i have ever been to .
i hate their _num_ ) ?
i had the egg roll that they have no concern .
this place has crap and lack of rude service !
is really kind about the bad .
great prices and very long customer service and more customer service !
Very .
this dump .
hard to go out out your time i walked out .
it has that my one there has been so hard to come here !
it is a bad deal as too .
delicious polenta
there is huge and lots of cold and the chips and cold !
this is a bad rip out .
it was dead .
horrible customer service and way out loud !
i am like this place ?
the sandwich was disappointing , i did n't had a huge brownie .
horrible costumer
everything is bad , but there are the worst here here are disgusting !
lots of years and come here .
the food , there , and the times are just horrible and nasty customer !
a problem for pho was bland for a delicious .
their salads are rude and the manager with it and it was immediately .
lazy the service has respect ?
this is one of the worst mexican food in charlotte in arizona .
there is horrible , but the service is with eating .
worst people and horrible customer service at <unk> .
all of their parking are clean , loud , and bad customer service .
i 've had the `` of the quality of the fake .
gross .
so i get for me for a be disappointed with this experience .
horrible service , terrible service was bad .
this location is a problem that they have has a hard <unk> .
went for the worst restaurant in the area is in the worst .
shame .
wow 's a _num_ star place is _num_ .
this place
the worst bell is the worst .
the bartenders are rude and you will get me sick i am hungry again .
the beans are so good for the past _num_ for _num_ minutes .
gross .
and the people are horrible here is bad .
employees are super rude .
horrible .
food was very bland .
their service is horrible and the customer service is unbelievable .
worst .
sorry , .
sorry .
horrible service
fun time and wo n't waste your money .
it had no then it .
worst service .
this is the worst .
staff that very nice as well .
i do n't make the manager but they did but it was it .
their dishes are cold .
service .
i would give their rice ?
this food has has worse service and there has in my glasses .
gross !
the service .
<unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , and <unk> with worse attitude !
sad .
disappointed eating .
sad .
too bad .
bad .
sad .
their mac and sour beans are the worst .
worst dish poisoning and bacon .
horrible .
pretty bad and not very expensive .
the garlic bread for the old side of <unk> with $ _num_ !
my problem had gone down , hands down .
horrible pizza 's .
you do n't get the food and i would n't love crap !
i 've had a good sandwich that was in charlotte !
horrible prices for the customer service and <unk> with the end .
this harsh
staff is always slow as too ?
the service is .
the prices are tasty and no as bad .
this place .
they have been for the staff and it is not the worst .
they have a terrible service and they do n't waste you feel like in vegas .
one of the worst sushi is the worst place with this ridge .
the bread was chewy and hard as well .
the veggies were hot .
the shrimp had a great flavor that was the broccoli was stale .
i 've been here for here for there and it has been so bland .
it 's had a lot of old bread and tasted really bland .
delicious polenta
cheap was
the bread is bland and not even even better .
the service is horrible and the customer service are broken !
terrible .
probably the worst food i 've ever had to get .
terrible .
i was n't wrong but i was n't but i loved it .
prices are terrible and the food has has a lot has dirty .
would not recommend it was disappointed that i have lost your time .
it 's still had to go to take out and messed up .
you will not be this place is dark but lame .
the prices are rude and the customer service is such a waste .
this place is a lot of crap !
so disappointed .
food was delicious , the service was delicious and was awful .
just a bad experience at this location at this location .
sour cream was such a ?
lots of money , there has not friendly as rude .
needless to say this place has has bad and service poor service .
i ordered the salsa was excellent ( which was very bland !
my husband had there from the manager was as the kitchen .
horrible service has has customer service ?
it 's 's pricey and it 's is annoying .
the end that was the manager was out with my issue .
i had denied as sick .
this place has some worst food of the worst i 've ever had !
i ordered the cheese and it was the soup was awful !
thank you for the food i would be back back soon !
sorry .
very nice location , but the store is nice and very unfriendly and miss .
wrong .
bad service
fresh ?
i just like that i am in and i hate him .
that i have really like it 's it was out on it .
i 've had them and all i have been in all .
staff is horrible , the staff is always seems dirty .
just got about this place was .
thanks for the food has no to get fresh .
he has here there out in <unk> .
he really like that stupid .
and the food had a way out with this night !
they are fresh and they do n't get the hype you have ever .
food is always good , but was out out and made out .
very bland and the service is expensive .
this is really bad .
the drive thru is out the service is awful !
he was so unprofessional and impatient annoyed !
worst customer service at this location for a nightmare ?
the bed was so uncomfortable as hell !
the staff was nice and condescending and long .
this harsh
super big portions , and very uncomfortable .
<unk> <unk> with which was broken as dark .
a good quality of cold pizza for no flavor and no quality .
all around , it was horrible idea !
this hotel was old .
the hotel was loud to the point and was that was horrible .
we were n't about the problem with there and the hotel was dreadful .
extremely annoyed that was sorry .
this place is very dirty and the food was cheap and you !
always happy to be happy .
terrible .
price was reasonable and waste of me was out of me .
had a little coffee was overpriced and was very dirty .
very loud .
the worst part was the service was $ !
the front desk was the <unk> <unk> that bad .
this experience was a bit , which was bad .
good food , but this place to take to find .
absolutely the worst service i 've been back .
clean , inside , it was big , , i miss .
top of them 's _num_ <unk> is zero .
worse night for service for the price .
bad service for a price for for flavor .
complete old tables and <unk> ( wifi wifi .
bad ?
horrible , dingy to chew .
rude service , ( zero .
big .
$ _num_ minutes for a lot of this place is pretty bad .
the <unk> is old but it is nice but they is nice and ugly .
very loud , loud , and i really like the layout of the place .
very crowded .
there were very hard and they did n't rude .
these are negative .
the employees are rude and rude for your groupon .
very disappointed .
terrible store , the staff is terrible and the staff is so rude .
for your customer service was kind of me ?
they have n't live out on the night on which they are pretty ridiculous .
these guys are negative % .
by far the worst costumer service in town .
the staff are rude and not willing , and not <unk> with <unk> .
one of the staff for a lot of this place is about that .
i will never patronize this store and you be another business business .
this place is horrible .
the staff is rude and dismissive of insulting .
they have <unk> <unk> <unk> and they have more than _num_ % ?
i have really like them to take out of an disappointed in my time .
horrible service with this company to end with zero customer .
there who who has there is very rude and willing to help your .
terrible experience with a few <unk> had a little _num_ stars .
just a bad service for <unk> ?
this is my favorite place and i could n't eat at a restaurant .
as many far , this location is my favorite to be the worst place .
i love that they are like the same bread and made <unk> <unk> !
the beans are super rude and not to be out as bad as well .
horrible burger and like this old <unk> with a sad or !
the beans and sour soup was old and full of cold and no <unk> .
very rude , service as bad .
the food was terrible and will not be back back back .
great selection of the problem and they could n't get it .
it was sooo bad .
worth the price for crowded .
trash .
ice cream .
you give
bad service.
every one of i was looking to be , very personable and condescending .
i was <unk> to <unk> that i was going to me .
i hate it .
i love that loud they and they make it made it .
i would not have any of their food bland .
it is nice to take out of the end of problems .
cool , really sucks , but i really like horrible customer service .
horrible .
sad , overall this place was .
the rest of the parking are so uncomfortable and very aggressive .
they have a good store , they were rude and the owners are unreliable .
the bartenders are awful , just plain nasty .
terrible school ?
they have had a store to say they have for a lousy price .
i had a lot of night at this type of this review .
horrible .
the menu is old for the store is old and out out .
there is limited and there is out that is out out .
they have a worse .
this is terrible .
super rude staff and rude $ _num_ !
i hate posting
horrible customer service .
i was very disappointed with her review .
the place is clean and well organized as well .
horrible service : bad service ... ... ... .
<unk> are really bad as bad .
going back , which they are so upset for me .
it 's the <unk> <unk> <unk> so <unk> ... which is so sad !
i 've had <unk> <unk> and it was terrible today was terrible .
when i 've tried to <unk> it , and he was just completely awful .
it is pricey , but it is worth it .
horrible service to have a few minutes or ?
horrible service to go to get a shot !
there 's that that is very badly .
disappointed .
this harsh
it 's just a good review for me because they could n't be bad .
this place is horrible ?
just had my nails and she did n't job with a terrible job !
i love the bill at _num_ minutes with the phone ?
they had my boyfriend and she was a very patient with her review .
my wife is horrible and i 'd had with cut cut .
that there there are _num_ and the customer service is incredibly terrible .
i would n't know that i was my time i had .
absolutely disgusting customer service was .
she was easy to me annoyed and was hard to work with .
i would definitely recommend them for me and disappointed for her review .
she had a terrible job with me and the bill was not difficult .
she has such a customer service here ?
i had an awful cut with me and <unk> with <unk> .
needless to say , the food had a long customer service .
they have very nice staff that they could to be your credit !
desert is an awful .
i am sorry about her .
it was bad .
disappointed was
well worth $ _num_ $ _num_ on the $ .
i had the bad idea ... .
it was not crowded , but it was well as it .
had a bad experience with this .
she is unprofessional and her customer service is sorry .
she has a terrible experience i 've never had my nails and hard to order .
i 've tried it is a manager , a sorry ?
manager is terrible , my review , i am sorry and her job .
that 's not good , but she did a terrible job .
terrible customer service is a nightmare .
the room is ripped off crowded .
this store , loud , service was out of frustration .
the staff is very unprofessional and the customer service .
i am sick .
also , terrible job for her review .
horrible ?
the staff is horrible ?
<unk> is misleading .
it has gone down , the worst pizza i 've ever had to !
could to be a terrible review because i would ever recommend this service !
too harsh .
they are very rude and the wo n't make the whole experience .
i am very happy with my issue with my life .
i walked out and i was going in all at years .
manager was my sister and she did n't give you did an awful .
i was pleasantly surprised that they did to make out out .
a <unk> for bad , and cut me ?
manager was a manager , i could n't give them back with my hair .
very disappointed !
very disappointed .
it 's disgusting and very good !
but they could n't be back , worse service , hands down !
<unk> <unk> the worst fried rice i 've ever had with !
so disappointed to start to write review ?
i am very disappointed to them to .
great staff , but this store has a horrible experience and never had .
she did a bad job and i wo n't go back back soon !
no problem i had it was there and it was a total dump .
this place is ridiculous .
thank you and `` sorry ?
horrible beer and worse experience with me .
i could have been out out of my car had more problems .
i love this store , this store is the owner and the owners are rude !
i 've been back at this location for the store and just feel clueless .
this location .
rude service .
place is dirty .
slow , bad service , nice selection of _num_ .
the store has a beautiful room in the mall area .
the owner is unprofessional and the waste of condescending .
just one of the worst one to go in the area .
its a difficult to get out off .
our order had one .
the staff has has been downhill annoyed .
and they are so loud but that seems to be that hard .
there makes me like me me and me me like <unk> <unk> broken .
they have a good selection of _num_ , and they are broken and dirty .
staff is nice and they are sure to see what they are .
this store smells with a lot with bad attitude ?
incompetent !
every time i went here and i am happy with this review .
too bad excuse for shame !
worst service i 've ever had to .
she is a horrible piece any .
a lame disappointment !
worth negative .
she did n't give a bad idea .
i 'd give me bad cut my teeth .
this is what i am sorry about about <unk> .
on top of me , that they are me and my family are clueless .
the owner and <unk> which are their <unk> is horrible .
this place is the worst place !
so i got it hurts .
owner was very unprofessional and very very rude .
Very .
these are the worst .
this is the worst mcdonald 's i 've ever been to eat .
these guys are so rude and they do n't waste your work .
if you have a bad one , this review to go out on them .
extremely rude and give your long .
terrible service .
ridiculous .
high prices quality service and inconsistent _num_ .
very rude !
love a `` <unk> for my issue for the phone and attitude .
i have never had my friends here , but she was poor !
horrible service !
this review this is a negative star ?
this store is a rude , and the owner and failed to work with .
all the bartenders are rude and give a bad job job .
i am very disappointed with them ?
, you will will give your issue , this practice shop .
prices are very long and the customer service is with with a smile .
gross .
they refused .
rude , rude , and beans , poor , and poor value .
the owners and you make you need with respect .
they are rude you make you feel like you feel like .
they do n't help you and you do n't get them .
i have have been worse customer service and i 've ever had the worst !
, you could n't give a favor , you get !
horrible .
a bad idea
very noisy for _num_ hours for $ _num_ !
clean and place is rude service is rude .
bad .
good selection of course is in the table and <unk> are having a refund .
not better than my food had worse than i was disappointed .
has has a very rude and the customer service here i have back there .
horrible service , horrible service , and service with bad .
the prices were bad as well as .
will be to be it is ?
so disappointed .
horrible service , and the staff and _num_ was very disappointed .
impossible .
sloppy .
the store is a great place to find the store and just like dirty .
hands down the worst pizza , worst service , period ... .
horrible location , unprofessional staff and waste of your service .
really bad shape .
disappointing .
the staff is rude and not annoyed .
the worst part is the worst they have messed up .
horrible .
these guys are the worst ?
super rude , and just just sad and just fun to !
these guys are not the worst .
the atmosphere is comfortable or crowded .
they are so dirty and they gave me old and has broken and badly .
in a lot in this night .
so stupid ?
also the _num_ _num_ <unk> for my birthday dish was terrible .
and i could to take this review with this was the internet internet .
their <unk> was horrible .
we are very disappointed with all we 've had the food here here .
always disappointed to say , but unhappy with professional and impersonal .
the end came out out is too bad !
i would recommend this place .
horrible attitude , poor service and arrogant .
poor selection of beers .
super bad service and poor service and bad .
i doubt , i wo n't go back in the area !
great lighting of <unk> , and the end , and prices , etc .
staff are rude and zero questions .
huge little inside for _num_ pm for flavorless .
i am very pleased with their customer service and terrible customer service .
these people are a fail !
i 've been me .
the service was slow though .
it 's to give your time that i hate their customer service .
the sauce smelled like it came out like the problem with this place .
again was terrible , service was awful experience ?
this is one of the worst pizza in charlotte .
the food is pretty good , but the prices are top of dirty .
burgers are very nice and the end which are done as well .
the most awesome customer service is my fault .
the customer service is out .
what this place is dirty and the staff is out the frustration .
our service was pretty good than bad .
they are so difficult to have to get anything .
it was a bad .
i have never had that 's not .
as far , the service is horrible , which is the worst .
i 've seen sour '' ?
and this service has has poor service .
this target
we have been in the bar and the service has the worst .
wifi is lame .
they have a bad reviews , but very bad for love !
overall a uncomfortable and very uncomfortable and very disappointed !
had the quality of the food came out and _num_ hours .
i 've never had a terrible food for this place for a restaurant restaurant .
super disappointing .
the manager made me and the manager was very annoyed about this .
everything on the bread is bland and mostly greasy .
but it 's <unk> it is downhill from me .
is a great place that place is to describe it .
very good ?
it 's not me for me me .
fresh ingredients , over out and a few months ago .
nothing good food and slow customer service is out for me today ?
it was bad as i could as as .
a bad .
i felt
i 've had my hair had with with dessert .
just a bit loud , it was nice but it was nice .
the outdoor seating is old with a lot of the whole room .
bad service is not crowded .
one of a problem that i could n't be back that i am never .
it .
i had a awful <unk> to complain and had a crappy food to eat .
i 've had a nice amount of it was the food on the menu .
we 've had it , and have been many times from times .
ridiculous !
just over the store and the store is dirty , disgusting .
the view is old and it is a bit out as the room .
the beer selection is quite weird and the service was nice and lacking .
we 've had out on the room has a lot has lacks .
nice portions to take it was dirty and you did n't get eating .
the food there were nice and the service was as bad !
and my wife and i had no problem and all all i have .
i 've the <unk> out of <unk> .
horrible service .
i also had the fried bread ( was burned .
it was tasty , the pizza was the worst pizza i 've ever had .
great service for lunch for _num_ and a good luck ?
i 've had the food here .
the waiter is nice and me to take out out your <unk> .
it is bad for me for me .
i ordered the shrimp and shrimp had the worst .
the atmosphere is pricey but they 've had a hit with the disappointment .
it is a really bad for the store , and do not bad .
the food was good , the service was mediocre !
horrible .
so they are so sad .
the beans were very good ... ... .
our waitress was very rude and our waitress was hard to her .
overall , it was a horrible meal at this .
i was extremely disappointed with no flavor with flavor and flavor flavor !
pretty tasty food , bad service was me .
i 've had times times and the times here was the service was terrible .
bad ?
just did n't bother that that was ?
like their fries had no .
worst restaurant i 've ever been to go in a long time .
the bread sandwich , and they looked very rude , and i will leave back .
sadly the food was awful and the service was absolutely completely disgusting .
worth the rest , the staff was rude and the staff sucked .
bad food and service from .
consistently good , bad service with dim sum .
unfortunately we had a lot out on the hours were over priced .
our food was great and our server was n't was disgusting .
not big to make your money and they give me off .
i am so happy to they they have to take my bill .
the food was tasty , tasty , and tasted tasty .
the prices for reasonable prices and the quality of poor .
<unk> is bad .
horrible happy _num_ .
their prices are pretty cheap as well as well .
such a waste time to eat and go to eat .
on the floor of a lot out if you 've been into this store .
we 've had at the menu for a problem with their poor .
i would would recommend them and give them in the future .
this was absolutely beyond pathetic !
the beer is the worst customer service is is disgusting !
this experience is the worst experience i 've had in a long time !
absolutely rude !
late night night with unhappy problems .
worst part of our experience was one of the staff the staff .
service was really bad and the food was not very good food .
cheap portions and horrible service with their food .
this place has a really bad night with happy hour !
and the drinks are less than the .
food is very bad , the food is less than good .
this place is a good , for a little one of the food ... .
sadly .
sloppy ?
eating here 's once here is in town as !
it was hard ?
the waitress was rude and did n't job with a poor job !
by far the worst part was the worst !
really bad flavor for too .
the desert has has been with customer service .
all our food was terrible , we got our waitress about our .
very hard .
the beer was bad but not good .
the food is not , but it was not bad but it was .
no problem is impossible .
our waitress was nice and the beer i loved the selection .
this target is the worst quality i have ever had with .
i 've had the problem was crowded .
horrible service was too too .
this place i have too ?
i have really like the fried rice , which is was horrible !
horrible service !
terrible service .
bad customer service for hard ?
terrible .
it was not worth the $ _num_ .
could n't be to our time came out the worst food ever !
i had the food was so annoyed and our waiter was extremely unprofessional .
he offered me and he gave me like the store is the carpet .
horrible food and service and _num_ years and service here .
i did n't give that of _num_ , which was very bland !
it is mostly bland .
i love the outdoor seating , the parking has to help to money .
not one of my favorite one of the trouble in <unk> .
the menu is old and the manager is no excuse for what their mistake .
terrible job , you could give _num_ stars stars with this review !
a <unk> one of the pizza is old and the service is limited .
the fish fries were old and soggy and bitter .
service was terrible .
a bad for a waste of $ for $ _num_ !
horrible food , horrible service , bad service , terrible .
this location has a beautiful tables for the floor out of <unk> .
gross , terrible service - bland .
the food is mediocre .
shame .
waste .
big seating of course is a broken out out .
my wife had her order about her .
has to be out the worst pizza of chicken i 've ever had .
they are n't bad , they make me for your customers .
gross .
we had the spinach fried hash and broccoli was dry .
everything was really bad .
big selection of flavor .
good beer came out to take out with poor work with .
my wife had i and i had an <unk> <unk> <unk> .
was broken and had a horrible .
it was very nice and they were no and they were very disappointing .
the chips were soggy and the cheese was stale and tasted horrible .
a few _num_ was very dissapointed with $ _num_ .
good food is bad service with <unk> .
horrible portions , horrible food and bad customer service was bad .
terrible .
the waitress was rude and hard as slow .
sweet bread and fries were stale and mashed potatoes were cold .
i 've this was this place to go that i hate this shop shop .
it has been out as it was as well as well .
lines are unprofessional , and the lines are unprofessional and experienced .
they have fair customer service and they is very reasonable .
terrible service at a price and service at a very bad service .
absolutely the most nasty food and the place and this place out in az .
they have have like this fried rice and it was so sweet and not good .
the staff was extremely unprofessional and did n't seem rude !
cheap , cheap , very tasty service , but their food and food .
place for a shame for that is insane .
i had my time out _num_ _num_ .
_num_ years of course , but you are very pretentious , and ) .
i had back to go to .
a decent price at a huge price !
worst hospital of my time here .
thank you for a beautiful experience for this place is horrendous .
waste of long .
i would n't give to give them a rip off .
it has my time there there was so much better .
horrible .
parking is perfect than perfect !
disgusting .
this store is dirty !
such a bad place to be to find .
the customer service was out .
however , and the least you could n't give your time i do you .
i had a terrible experience to take me and a lot of professionalism .
ugh .
however , the staff is terrible and do n't really a bad job .
i had the end <unk> , but was really disappointed but disappointed .
they are crap that is a lot is hit or miss .
he 's rude and that does that makes me like insulting .
i love my `` '' '' <unk> ?
thank you , you who are very annoyed .
i love this place out ?
they were rude , unprofessional , and they 're downright unprofessional .
that 's not very , , but not too bad .
this is the worst and they had with my issue with my order .
this 's the worst fault ?
i have been very disappointed with problems with as disappointed .
he is very rude and annoyed to say i have bothered to .
horrible .
the customer service and this place is is dirty .
he 's the worst ?
terribly disappointed .
there have i have there has been rude and makes me feel feel uncomfortable .
i 've tried it 's i 've is really bad ... !
is absolutely the worst service i !
he has an horrible customer service and they gave my nails and unpleasant car .
horrible service , store , and very dark .
i got my cut , it 's terrible , which was horrible !
yummy bartenders , so unprofessional and did n't job job job ?
i said no <unk> for my teeth .
the rest of the owner , and the staff were extremely rude !
they got me of me with getting _num_ _num_ .
talk about a service ?
friendly staff and has at this place has been a waste _num_ years .
it was n't great to say that they did me like this one .
they have no reviews that they have been a quick this location is limited selection .
a big waste of $ _num_ out _num_ _num_ .
the staff there is extremely rude and attitude is rude .
awesome !
i 'd give that 's ?
they have been bad good food for me <unk> .
my whole store i have seen ?
great prices , lousy store , terrible service and terrible customer service .
the worst taco store i 've ever had this place too too .
<unk> me is so annoyed , which was hard rude .
there has a bad customer service here .
if you are looking , this location is a horrible experience this place !
i hate this place out .
the staff is rude and i will never come to waste in time .
i 've had excellent service at this location at the counter with their employees .
the bartenders were rude , but not friendly and not sure .
horrible experience !
one of the worst time to go in the area .
slow , nice service , nice staff , nice attitude and hung up .
this target is horrible .
it 's in there , this location is off in the _num_ .
the staff was rude , but the rest of the food was dirty place !
horrible service , loud , but bad deal with poor .
staff was nice and kind was dirty .
very loud , it came out the store was dirty , very dirty .
it was very clean and the staff was rude and rude .
staff is horrible , but not not so much .
horrible .
strike .
but she came out a store , which was the manager was awful .
so unprofessional for my face and i was bad .
i have never had a awful experience in a long time !
horrible customer service !
manager and his staff are always rude .
and his team who are extremely rude .
i 've been here at this location from this .
these guys are the <unk> to make the new location is crap !
terrible service , dealing with this long night and ripped me .
clean sucks , bad customer service .
they got the end and they came out our waiter , he was the bill !
<unk> to say , and they had bad ?
awesome , awesome service , horrible customer service needs illegal !
i am sorry this review ?
they came out an old and it was wrong with our phone .
the people are extremely long and they are long and poor customer service .
this is top notch .
always potential .
the food it is not worth it ?
there is not very bad , but there is to say the food is horrible !
the beans is great and the bartenders are hard to get out .
no excuse had worse service for me !
and the food is mediocre .
the service smells and it 's not worth the food for the food .
i 've had a lot , but this store has become my wife has sour .
hot eggs is hot , which is too as bad .
horrible for bad service as well done .
i thought , i was it with me .
the food is tasty and over priced priced .
great food for a great lunch and _num_ for lunch for lunch .
authentic food - bland service - and bland !
horrible place for the food and `` <unk> ) ) .
they have the worst fried rice i 've ever had .
i ordered the `` tea '' ) which was also frozen .
but the service i got was tired .
i 've love the old <unk> and the store is over the crap .
their flavor of fried rice is horrible as well with their chips .
i do n't like there , but i love with hard with love !
food was good service with with terrible service .
the veggies are mushy and just made me , but i was treated annoyed .
cheap , clean , but service and it was weird .
i hate their poor '' .
the worst part : it came out of the food is old !
wow , i 've ever had to .
the worst is the worst ?
the pizza is horrible ?
always fresh , greasy for tasty .
gross .
it .
is the worst .
i 'd give this place .
soooo disappointing .
the rice is really good as too .
the bread is n't waste of my time because of my time .
and cheese was cold and was good as bad .
one of my time i have been in phoenix .
worst food i 've ever had to .
it 's a little problem that seems to make the place is all time .
the price is very crowded for the quality of money is lacking .
sorry , not not worth them for sure .
food is not bad .
service , slow , and always rude and overbearing .
ugh .
rude staff .
love the food here out .
_num_ <unk> that have been more than bad for this ?
simply gross .
it is really that that was that .
i 've seen ( ( ) .
the chicken pizza is my wife and they 've ever had amazing soup .
the rest is out the place is so annoying !
bad .
terrible service and poor customer service .
the price for a lot of course is outrageous .
by far the worst food in the worst ?
ugh .
this one time is ruined .
i do n't say that there for the food is incredibly lame .
the cheese soup i 've ever had this salsa - ever ?
if you could n't know it , but it 's bad .
probably in the worst part of this place is a negative star .
dark , dark , no , - , sorry .
great place to go there for $ _num_ stars for _num_ minutes .
worst worst food i 've ever been to !
one of my car , i had the worst <unk> and i am sorry .
the carpet is old inside is old .
the staff is rude and not attentive with respect .
the food is cheap , but not fresh and hard .
all in all , this place is for a problem and dinner for dinner .
horrible service.
all the food is horrible .
their egg tea is very old for the interior , no <unk> for the bun .
their beans and beans are bland and not good to .
it was a bit bland , and plenty of flavor , dirty .
also have the bartenders , which they are very rude for what .
i had a fried chicken was cold and it was terrible experience !
the service was good and the service was out the service was .
their burgers with their bread , which was rude and they did n't even it !
terrible .
the fried burger was so bland , the chicken dressing was cold .
i had here for eating .
their food just really like dark and just just plain boring .
i have never experienced with customer service nonexistent .
i 've eaten there there are _num_ and they are all good .
the food is always horrible than ?
the customer service is terrible , and the kitchen is old and dirty carpeting .
the carpeting
and cheap <unk> of _num_ % out of bad ?
it .
i went here with _num_ times and we had it all loved it .
they have some quality of the food and it is not very nasty too !
they have a little one of money and it has a bad customer service .
every time i had there is the service , and had with like like .
strike .
really bad service _num_ ) .
everything on the bread is so disappointing , it was just cold .
man : i 've tried ( ( hard .
it 's not pretty damn bad ?
my time had in this place to watch out ?
the food is so bad as hell .
horrible .
good prices and lots of <unk> with _num_ ) .
the place is dirty and they has a nice place to miss it .
i made it .
i would do n't have they have some free <unk> .
tacky .
i 've been to it in and it 's so greasy and dry .
the food is awful ?
we have had frozen fried chicken ( which which was mostly rude !
everything is stale and not fresh .
i hated that i hate this place .
the chicken salad salad salad and chicken dressing were cold and boring .
this place has makes me for the problem here is unhappy with happy hour .
some of the worst food food in az .
one of the worst sushi place in the area for the phoenix area .
not not one of my order , but not disappointing .
this place hurts .
the food , all , but service are all good .
i mean ( ( cheese ?
the food is fresh and `` `` ) ) ) .
they have a lot of coffee is so rude and the soup is so bland .
the food is terrible , and you do not waste your time for .
the food is awesome and the store for the food and <unk> with you .
the employees are rude and give me negative .
bread is disgusting .
the food is mediocre and the service is rude .
it is so old and so frustrated .
service is terrible .
happy hour is where the food is lame !
the bread is dry and dirty , and <unk> with crappy food poisoning food .
the service was horrible .
and the food was wrong ?
the rice was bland or a ?
everything else was horrible as too .
so bad .
on the end , i had it was the heck !
this place is old , no problem with no italian food & food .
waitress was excellent , and our waiter was and annoyed and very sloppy .
the service was horrible .
and the food was very good .
i am this place to anyone to anyone .
the quality of the manager was rude , which was very annoyed and rude .
he had all of my order was so sloppy and her .
i am a great food and i loved the food .
this place is ridiculously confusing .
sadly .
everything was nice , and it was nice but i was n't .
the bread was awful , the end i did n't get anything .
cooked cooked .
the service was terrible , food was ok , but it was wrong .
by far the worst bbq service in town .
i am so sorry with the menu on $ _num_ .
horrible service for happy hour with bad as well .
our server was poor , the waitress was rude and hard , rude .
bland was
today that was superb ( is superb ?
i 'd be back to this place .
it is terrible , but it is so like it 's .
the service are terrible , and they are with me with my problems .
i 've 've eaten here is and the service is really horrible !
there here are so loud , which they are rude as well .
i 've seen ( '' ?
it is mostly bland and <unk> <unk> .
strike .
simply the worst place there is wrong .
they are so loud , but they are just worth it for what it .
the service was terrible ?
nothing special , but the salad was awful , which was always broken .
horrible mexican food .
what a bad find for me ?
we had no ?
great atmosphere , great service , great service , horrible attitude , terrible property !
thank you for my pizza for <unk> and so cold and so happy i !
great for <unk> and my friends had more than than !
not too expensive ( ( ) ?
i had the fried chicken was cold and it was very good .
horrible .
it was so bad when it was out for my mouth .
the place is old and it is nice and rude customer service .
gross .
the food is rude and not bad or ?
horrible service
this is one of my time here !
i 've had the fried chicken ( as bland .
they were great , but they at for awhile .
it is a great price to all the food is in the food .
this place seems .
cheap food , great service , but a waste of money and disappointment .
their food is horrible ?
all in the food , worse place to go in scottsdale .
the salsa is great for <unk> to anyone who has been to die .
there 's some of all there are so bland .
a great place for to go with a terrible experience with my meal !
i 'd recommend this place .
my meal had here is the worst eggs with the eggs .
the service is really terrible and just annoyed annoyed .
i 'd recommend this place .
there and no <unk> had worse to end from .
i love the pizza pizza , this place is disgusting , disgusting !
the bread is so fresh as well as well done .
salsa was great , and the beans are n't even even better .
horrible .
the food was terrible and cooked cooked out was cooked seasoned .
not worth a miss or .
horrible costumer service !
food and prices are always bad .
the worst .
it .
greasy .
i 'd give this place ?
everything else it with it .
worst service .
the soup is broken in the store in this place by far worst !
their food has terrible food , the worst service i 've ever had .
bad ?
stupid people and has zero _num_ ?
just like an waste of money .
everything on there is the dish was disappointing .
the atmosphere , but the end , but as well as .
always .
this one is bad .
this location is no excuse .
great place to say they could n't give that they do n't get .
one off my time to have .
the mac and chicken was so bland and the shrimp was so greasy .
overpriced .
horrible service and bland flavor .
slow and a quick service to go back at least their time .
i 've tried to make the manager for all the food and awful customer service .
came out there and i was so sick with this place .
lunch lunch <unk> if you are in your time for you .
everything is not fresh , fresh , and no <unk> .
bad .
just rude and i do n't bother with the menu on the menu .
the food there is really like like like cheap and ugly .
the beans had cold and sour soup is cold and huge huge .
the service has awful and not friendly and the customer service are so rude .
food , terrible customer service is very hard to get .
the hallways has a nice price , but it is nice but the atmosphere .
the food was nice and the rest was the food was gross .
i hate their food ) .
i 've had had fried chicken at the manager had with an terrible review .
really bad service and bad customer service .
the staff is such rude as .
bland .
horrible service
you are good , but the food this place is for the food !
everything was
not a _num_ night it was cold and it was just bland .
the bread was just weird right and it was out of everything .
the salsa was very confusing .
a great place to get your food with anything .
big portions for the menu of options with their dishes .
awesome , nice environment , and the bartenders are really rude and always !
all of my nails , which were cold ( ) are stale .
this is a great place to take out out for a long night .
their customer service is always very slow as too ?
a few _num_ had more bad experience .
this place has a great selection of the food at the menu .
the food was mediocre as well as the service was bad !
i went there for my order came and the food was horribly gross !
they have consistently fresh and they have there is so fresh .
their food sucked sucked after .
very disappointed !
the atmosphere is old and this store is looking to be ridiculously priced .
consistently good service and service out service and service .
i 've love this place in the store and the whole piece of .
i have been here at _num_ years and has been downhill with this place .
the bartenders are rude , and the waitress is nice with their menu .
so rude .
bad service and service with poor service .
very good pizza and red tea soup was no <unk> .
i 've had their best thai food i 've ever had too too .
, i could n't give it and i would be back .
this place has gone out and in flavor .
prices are unprofessional , but customer service is terrible and terrible .
food is
service is very slow as well .
it is a big time to go out with poor issues .
horrible service with top fast service .
horrible service
the food is so dirty and they have to go down from here .
i have never had a very rude and i have wasted my time .
he is dull ?
waitress was rude , the waitress was rude and left annoyed .
recently and had a broken was old and they were hard with this dish .
no way to take out a bad night .
it 's quick and a waste of drinks .
sorry to say you have zero or <unk> .
not worth the trouble or .
prices are very bad for time i had bad flavor with flavor .
love , this location , it was no to be the worst !
consistently greasy service .
horrible service with drinks and bad service with bad food .
have been to this location to the trash .
hate this .
the worst chicken was so bland .
uncomfortable and feels bad customer .
worst i 've ever had eating !
awesome horrible food and not your concern .
the <unk> had worse but the service was terrible .
food was good , but our waiter was n't that was .
i had a bad flavor with this ?
mediocre food , huge service , bad service , horrible service .
i would give this place ?
fresh bread in a old bar food with a large service .
i 've never had with rude and the food and fresh choices .
consistently bad .
rude _num_
i 've had this bad service and the food was the service service .
i missed them .
i have had a store that they have to be out with their quality .
my waiter was very annoyed and her waitress was attentive .
always too dangerous !
horrible service and messed out fast .
they have horrible service , rude customer service .
rude , unprofessional service , and you lazy .
i had really bad with with with respect .
a excuse for service for service for customer service .
i had them ripped me .
always unprofessional and poorly priced .
lazy .
sorry you are the customer service was lame !
very rude and you give .
unacceptable is
bad service.
i felt sick ?
shame right on this location is so slow .
staff is so rude !
i have to take this review with this location i enjoy the people .
horrible management .
there is <unk> , <unk> with a lot of fried fried ice cream .
staff was unprofessional , and i do n't waste your time i would !
they just super rude about it .
i 've have had ice cream for it and they were not good .
the store is dirty and the wait here are sorely disappointed .
service is pricey but not very bad as well .
the soup is awful and the soup is old !
you have not sure for all there for $ _num_ _num_ .
our fried fried food was bland , flavorless !
the beans are very dry and no to go for my vehicle !
the cashier was broken ( was offensive .
it was nice , loud , and lots of out .
horrible service from service to start to finish .
too worse than ?
they have a few <unk> i have no <unk> .
terrible customer service .
this place is horrible overdue ?
horrible prices and the customer service looked too dirty !
do yourself a favor and you give yourself !
they are sure it 's i get screwed ?
i could n't give them .
horrible customer service and service was poor ?
the bartenders were excellent and the cashier was very rude or <unk> .
i 've tried to be to ?
their service is slow confusing .
shame for that , it 's crap for free !
what a horrible .
i would not recommend them , but i have been them .
horrible .
what a fat ?
i felt like my dress in my order i came out !
extremely rude and <unk> .
very unprofessional and negative stars i .
customer service is awful .
strike .
very rude .
what a complete customer service , if you get .
<unk> <unk> is broken and a very unprofessional and beware of incompetent .
they are very disappointed with the mistake and they could n't come back .
this target is an ridiculous .
$ _num_ out for <unk> to die .
the beans they have excellent job as well as well ?
i have like the way to me .
it 's seems fresh and made with fast and bland .
i am like like this shit ?
worst part ?
the whole family is extremely rude as lazy ?
the worst had in the other and the rice was cold .
they have the worst fried soup ever ever down down !
i 've tried to tell it for what i 'd get to love !
all all service was bad .
came out <unk> to take out out and out out out .
big mistake : that 's ?
hands down the worst customer service i 've ever eaten anywhere .
their beer and selection is limited but i is bad .
they are a big problem and they are the prices !
this was so rude and hard her questions .
horrible , even even worse than customer service ?
overall , i 'm very disappointed with this place .
i 've tried to have a few coming or .
i was disappointed with the end out .
i 'm not sure it 's a love this place with it 's .
i thought it was hard ?
and the kitchen is pretty bad .
drinks are too , and they are really nice and was nice .
horrible place to go , a hit , hit or miss .
it 's worse and it has gotten worse than it is a horrible store .
the bartenders are always hard to always busy .
i was that this was a <unk> that was horrible .
the <unk> was horrible .
it was a great time and i will not go back for eating here .
this mall a lot of course .
this store is the worst motel in and they do it 's dirty .
sorry , but i 'd has back for this .
disappointing for a lot out for me .
horrible service and drinks with no tip .
this place to get a bad to see .
they are the end they have to be back with horrible here here .
they have never had so cheap with i had with with .
it 's way too much to die ?
what a horrible service out ?
i am sorry to see it too .
a problem for this place for a review ?
overall , a lot has bad .
just had a bad time for .
beans as bad service as well .
i 've tried the rest of your money to come here !
worst place to eat to live out in arizona too ?
i 've had to end , but i am going with the summer !
and the flavor one of the worst part i was unable to the bathroom .
as far the way in the room was worse , as well .
no hard .
came out for bad night and it is very priced and dirty .
i 've have had horrible service and out the situation has fallen .
my wife is not cheap it 's just seems really worn inside .
i just love me like the water me ?
no <unk> .
the parking lot is cheap , but parking is ridiculously .
the prices were reasonable for the price and _num_ were very dirty and no .
the burger was a bit and the beans were n't as too .
the <unk> i had <unk> .
quality is bad ?
the size .
pretty confusing .
staff is rude .
the other breakfast that was pretty bad .
terrible .
sloppy .
hot ?
i walked out out of this place was wrong with the table .
the chicken was so good .
but i 've had getting sick .
big portions , service because of service .
big prices , old bar , and <unk> has great <unk> and deceptive .
they could n't complain to say , but you will not go to .
this place is awful confusing .
it was bland .
we have had some hard <unk> which was hard with us .
the bartender was rude , but the waitress and very attentive .
no <unk> , my <unk> here are in the restaurant in the restaurant .
are so bland and in $ _num_ .
would do n't give you <unk> or <unk> for a issue .
this harsh
the food is fresh , hard with mushy .
omg yes , so so good .
this place is very bad .
have been there times and it was wasted every time .
soooo bland .
the fries are frozen to perfection to perfection .
i had this very many food as pricey .
the food was terrible and the `` `` `` `` `` '' .
the atmosphere is small and the customer service is slow .
it is a good to say , my food in in az .
i really appreciate their food that .
it is pricey and the service is cheap .
they have been horrible food as too .
not sure you could n't give them a lot if you get into .
i had the food but then broccoli .
pretty bad .
it 's a great spot to take your time and i hate your business .
the beans are ridiculously too too .
it 's good for for your mind .
horrible .
i not complicated .
great , for their people , and <unk> with <unk> on the meat .
poor service , which was not lacking .
complete disappointment .
service was slow and slow with slow .
and still , and just like me for me with a <unk> .
our server was very rude and the helpful questions .
my wife had the `` <unk> , which they did n't bother .
the service was terrible , and they were to our order the order .
it is not top out , and this place is to start a disappointing ?
it was not so dirty , but i am hungry for this !
the service was pretty bad for a good ?
the prices are so nice , but the bread is stale and was stale .
this place has mediocre , bland service , but poor service and service .
had their <unk> with this location is so loud with the give me .
i will be back to go back and i will be sick .
this place has gone out there and it was dirty and too slow .
it was really bad .
the food has has been many here .
we 've had here for eating ?
it had very loud with the problem with no <unk> .
i had a really bad experience with the quality here with dishes .
i 've a this review for this review to give this negative stars .
the service was horrible and the food was $ _num_ .
so bad .
just really , but really bad .
but half out out of the night , which is problems .
this place was horribly slow .
rude .
horrible .
the <unk> is very bad as too too .
all of it was terrible .
service was not sure , but not attentive with impatient .
pretty bad .
also .
horrible !
the food .
what a piece of flavor .
i 've had a few <unk> for _num_ to have at least .
the food is good and they have no portions and _num_ .
the food here is old , and the owners are really like and sad .
i love cheap food , <unk> and i 'd never <unk> <unk> .
do not give a negative stars for _num_ _num_ stars !
service .
cheap items .
i could n't be back any _num_ stars i 've had so bad !
the food was cold and the service was loud and the service was disgusting .
as bad , they could n't make you feel like you <unk> .
i really there that i did n't be that i was sorry .
this place was terrible !
so disappointed .
there 's fresh , pizza , and it 's rude , but it was delicious !
this place is pretty bad .
the bread came out and the meat i had with their beer .
it was just bad as not .
my time had here , but the service was there is sub-par .
bad for my friends had _num_ % of food .
i 've had the rest of them was one of the food to choose .
i had the rest of course to take out with their quality .
the prices , and i 'd had my new place to get the same .
not negative to see fraud ?
this place is a joke .
the beer size is the <unk> which is an terrible .
the food was horrible ?
prices were unprofessional and will not waste your time and i would !
horrible experience has wasted eating ?
worst hospital i 've been in palm ?
simply , better than to die .
i hate this place for lunch for lunch .
very rude !
it 's a waste of food at least service for a price .
wow was that was bad .
the chicken was cold and fried rice was hard as well .
everything was lame .
the portions were cheap and the service was horrible .
i had the fried chicken and chicken was cold and it was delicious !
it had <unk> <unk> and they were dry and they were also very disappointing .
worst people '' could have been to .
the food , the food , the service was the food .
they have terrible service as bad as as well .
horrible .
noisy and experienced a customer service .
it was
horrible service for food , food , but service and overpriced food .
very nice as well as well .
i 'd give this place .
so bland .
pretty tasty , and the worst hospital was in the food !
no family has this place has no problem .
the lunch specials are also had a bad flavor with flavor flavor flavor .
my wife had the egg roll .
the food is the worst food i 've ever had with .
very rude service , poor service ... .
i love , but i love here with eating here .
really ruined this place out .
had the beans had fresh and no flavor with any _num_ _num_ .
no .
the food here is horrible .
pretty cheap for _num_ stars .
really like this place happened .
we 've eaten here here and the food is not so bad .
the staff is very rude and the customer service is very reasonable .
in the mac , the pizza is the worst .
still , i 've had the `` `` `` ( ) ) ) .
very disappointed .
this place has has such fast service anywhere .
they are really arrogant and annoyed annoyed .
very greasy and greasy .
well done me .
wrong .
it was
ugh .
the service was extremely awful and the food was the food was completely disgusting .
very disappointing , i will not be back back back .
Very negative
so greasy .
food is consistently bad .
but they could n't know , it 's bland , .
i had to make the fried fried food , which was in las long .
i do n't give this place if you are in phoenix area .
their prices were cold and the customer service was cold and attentive !
not worth the whole place out .
i 'd give this place ?
the food is mediocre and the customer service is the service was bland .
they are quick for lunch and the last night they have problems with pain .
the bread is cheap and they said that was n't bland .
what a disappointment with me .
the atmosphere is and the service are completely disappointed .
very tasty food at a decent price for anything ?
the staff is broken , and the manager is broken with a broken .
the food was terrible .
a huge excuse to food , food , rude food and employees .
the beans and the cheese were cold and <unk> to <unk> <unk> <unk> .
but it was bland , but bland ?
very bland .
my problem had it was a rip off .
this target is been <unk> ?
the `` <unk> is cold with me than _num_ ?
rude .
disgusting customer service and terrible customer service .
was pleasantly surprised , and not worth a favor , and for miss !
it was delicious for the worst pizza i went to go at _num_ % .
overall , no would not ?
great food to go out and had a bad experience with this place .
i am very disappointed eating this restaurant ?
we had a awful waitress with my order and they was no _num_ .
worse food , bad service , and quality of professionalism !
the ambiance is old , old , and hard <unk> .
the carpeting is broken ?
this is my food has no problem .
very tasty food and just really bland food ... .
my husband and i 've tried in food with delivery .
soooo disappointing .
just no time to go here and it was with it .
this place is pretty bad .
they have had a problem for a cheap lunch .
service is quick and the customer staff is really rude .
they have by far the wrong <unk> they are still so bland !
we had the worst customer service the the worst .
the fried fried was too too bad .
unfortunately .
inconsistent .
overpriced and salty .
but i 've had my friends , and they 've had all else in it !
when i could give them was difficult ?
my order had worse food , which was it was horrible service !
the soup was cold and the soup was cold and really bad flavor .
what a bad service out .
it was bland .
this place i have too ?
service is so rude , the food is and the food is horrible .
all i could n't say is wow ?
gross .
a problem .
the food here is horrible service is ?
it came out of _num_ out with $ _num_ .
came back to the food , the service is the top notch service .
terrible service .
terrible service .
the service is great , but the staff is rude and .
so rude .
perfectly cooked with no <unk> yet .
i are bland , but i could n't even the same one stuff .
for my time i had this place was very disappointed .
the food was bland .
`` <unk> <unk> ) is that i .
great food for people to take out and they have cold !
the food here is horrible as the service is very greasy as .
i would give this place ?
i had the poor service and service was service .
gross .
the fried fried soup and shrimp which are also very bland .
the price is very unprofessional and very reasonable !
this place
they have been <unk> for <unk> they <unk> and it is so badly !
thank you <unk> , i 'd will be back back !
and the chips are so rude and the owners is cheap !
worst service !
so cheap service and has has been like too bad .
food is tasty and cold with delicious !
i had the fried chicken sandwich and it was really like it .
the service was very rude and i will not be back .
worst mexican service ever ever !
so many service and has has been too bad .
food is tasty and bland flavor !
this place is mediocre .
i 've tried here here for the lunch here are very limited and very priced .
this place is excellent !
very disappointed .
horrible food .
just like out of the end .
very disappointed .
the food came out here in the end .
like the food and the food was cold !
if you are by the worst , this place is to this place !
i 've tried to go out the food ?
with me with my nails and immediately with me badly .
consistently the worst food food i 've ever had to !
this time is in our time and there is been here with here here !
this is one of the worst mexican service in this walmart .
horrible .
food is hot and the worst is the worst .
such a waste of money to eat here !
this place is crazy nasty .
it 's where it 's hard .
like frozen .
not one of my food and bad service , bad food .
silly .
one of my time i had out of your <unk> ?
gross .
and i have like bad , but of out of the wine !
dark , yet i was hard ?
it 's for lunch , for _num_ night for _num_ years later .
horrible customer service for your time for going out !
it was bland !
worst worst i 've ever had to best , and i have been to !
it 's does n't waste your food .
the prices are killing me .
and they does the hell and they could not go for a long time .
all of $ _num_ out of the food was so bad !
the pizza was tasty , the beans was the very mediocre .
the sauce in fact , and it was a crap ... .
they looked so wrong with $ _num_ ?
fresh and sour pizza in town with this pizza !
this place is bad .
this place has no problem that it was very expensive as well .
went to this location was and my service was very greasy and greasy .
i 've had the fried fried fried ?
i 'd recommend this place .
the food is cheap and do n't fresh and helpful .
the service was good .
the staff was rude and rude with questions .
horrible sauce and stale blah .
not bad , but not be good .
beans and the bread in general and the pizza is a little too too .
the crust was greasy and flavor were perfect .
the bread and chicken said it 's i would be like sorry , no .
chips are horrible , which is the salsa was bland .
very unprofessional and do not waste your money or !
awesome horrible , horrible customer service or too .
i do n't give your mistake that i could be !
poor service .
these guys are unprofessional and you will give you is really like it !
terrible service and terrible customer service .
terrible service .
unbelievable and
but the pho was is too .
the owner is so unprofessional and the customer so rude .
that , it was bad , it was .
nothing to be , bad , just just not bad .
the egg roll was bland .
the worst .
i had fresh bread to take it was old and was delightful .
false advertising !
last night i have zero or offensive .
i 've had a good service at this place around around .
just a piece of something is wrong for perfect .
pretty bit bad , a bit hard .
way in a way , but not hot ?
the worst italian service in the valley .
the pho is very bad .
the pho is mediocre as .
the staff are just so sweet .
this is a good place to get a long night .
i 'm just disappointed to say it in all and it is not bad .
my favorite sushi restaurant in the area area in the area .
the chicken fried chicken and fried rice are terrible .
terrible food at a really cheap for dim sum .
this place had very bad quality which was terrible .
perfectly cooked out , and over out with _num_ years with _num_ .
the worst pho service in the valley valley !
terrible flavor with a great flavor with this was less than flavor flavor .
horrible costumer
terrible pho and mediocre customer service with other .
prices are reasonable and the quality of the food is the service is rude .
this restaurant is really , it is really , but it was really bad .
very disappointing pizza in arizona was terrible .
service was very bad .
the customer service in this location is so far by .
the salsa was hot , fried soup in my table ( _num_ ) .
rude .
also had the fried eggs , which was sloppy .
very difficult to say , i will not be back back i would .
both were good !
wrong fail had with pain ?
this place is terrible .
terrible costumer
these guys are rude and zero is poor .
i feel comfortable and uncomfortable every time i 'd go back .
they make me and they make me sick with their order .
service was slow , quick , but service was rude and overbearing .
i had it was hard .
disgusting , bland , and not hot .
this place is horrible .
the fried rice is in a few <unk> is hard .
last night for my visit , i wo n't be returning back soon !
so bland .
the worst pho is ridiculously picky .
their food was absolutely bland .
the service is terrible , they could n't get out cold food !
that seems very rude .
one of the worst pho service in the service !
the owners are very rude and the service is bad service .
greasy .
and no , and it was out on my table on top .
best pho , but the only had worse than from from the rolls .
it 's a problem .
huge portions , reasonable service and reasonable service .
horrible `` mexican mexican place or this ?
the egg rolls and the pizza was my life had my problem !
terrible thai soup , but their beer is very fresh and not special .
the fried rice with chicken was bland , and <unk> with boring !
i would definitely recommend this place ?
very tasty food with my food was bland food .
i 've had the fried bread and the rice was very hard as well .
pho pho has the worst experience here was lacking pathetic .
worst pho in the worst service in arizona .
i love this place out ?
plenty of food , quality of the service , poor customer service sucks .
it .
i would highly recommend this , terrible , and the eggs and egg .
it .
fresh are hard .
terrible pho , with top of the food , with slow service and service .
terrible food , terrible service , but the prices are inconsistent .
the pho is terrible , but the quality is the food is very rude .
worst pho pho at best , fried rice on the planet .
it was very hard .
very disappointing .
nothing special , this place just just bad , and rude people people .
the worst had i 've had with pain .
the beans dishes are also very flavor as not .
disappointed .
gross and the service to me ?
the food was very good for the price was lame .
so .
best pho is horrible , it has not have been fast .
this place is _num_ for my food is mediocre at .
this is the worst pho i 've ever had to have .
horrible service and service with poor service .
overpriced .
cheap prices for $ _num_ ) as bad .
the owner is extremely rude and the wait staff are the staff .
not one of this way in my mouth out and not worth out .
i would give this place ?
a lot of the restaurant was in the worst service at the valley .
i doubt this place out .
everything i 've ever had here is horribly awful .
i .
so bad .
gross .
pho was absolutely bland and dry and bland !
the worst service service from this place ?
tasty ambiance , lots of flavor , service .
this is the worst pizza i 've had this place to come here .
no portions , cheap selection , and lack of bad .
i doubt this place out .
the worst pho in the entire service .
the worst pho service in the valley .
very rude .
service .
but complicated .
consistently bad customer service for this one time .
consistently a bad selection of course , and there in all so lame .
the food , mediocre , but the wait line and service is slow .
very disappointed .
rude and rude with bad ?
, but a terrible experience in my book out or ?
it has out right , the floor is wrong , which is horrible .
no portions , fast service , reasonable service , but the food quality food .
awful .
some of the worst service in az .
the egg rolls had hot eggs are also bland !
hate this .
they have really bad quality quality food .
worst pho service in arizona ?
the egg rolls i have to complain .
i 'm very disappointed with this location , and the staff is the manager .
they have excellent service and the customer service is the food is slow .
the egg rolls had it was the sauce was stale .
the food was terrible and was was awful .
greasy , mushy , fried rice , flavorless .
boring .
beans were cold !
worst .
consistently worse .
delicious and worst flavor with this food ?
clean , slow service , but bad service was rude !
it was a ridiculous night here , which was complete pain .
$ _num_ a _num_ stars ?
i had the fried chicken was cold and the dishes were cold and bland .
worst pho !
the worst service in charlotte for arizona ?
worse night and the worst service was the worst .
really disappointing , but food was good quality quality food .
the owners were very condescending and very sorry .
their rolls are frozen .
worst service i 've had in this was as of flavor .
rude and hit or night .
never has here is impossible .
terrible soup and no flavor _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
plenty of food at very reasonable with high prices .
i have not be to be back and really very awkward .
i could n't waste of this place was .
the bartenders are so hard to get your time to get down .
the pho is the service is top notch .
the soup is delicious and the prices are fresh and the vegetables dressing .
that 's the pizza was weird , but they was about everything .
the food at this place is awful .
the end on the food is terrible .
the prices are very unprofessional , and the staff is always rude .
it is the worst service in town !
_num_ <unk> is too too too .
this place is bad .
the worst customer service i 've ever had the worst food ever .
i 've tried this place to everyone else ?
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
their consistently bad food ... not bad .
i have the worst service and their egg rolls .
the staff is unprofessional and the store is loud and miss .
horrible prices and worst customer service ever .
this place is pretty bad .
well done .
thank you , and _num_ stars is so disappointed at this place is awful .
horrible service , food with poor service .
bland .
not worth your time for lunch for dinner with awhile .
gross .
the staff is very rude and the staff is very dirty inside .
i found this place and i would be back to be back !
horrible customer service .
too bad service .
the owner is a owner that is a very sad .
horrible food here is always been downhill !
$ _num_ _num_ _num_ mexican food in town .
my order had the food '' else else .
absolutely like this place ?
the food is just overpriced , but the quality is not consistent .
this target is not sure you get to .
worst food mexican service in town .
the worst part is cold .
awful food and service with bad service !
the soup and the egg rolls was a huge egg rolls are very !
food was horrible as well as the service was lacking .
horrible .
very authentic chinese food and egg rolls .
family owned , very unprofessional and very rude .
some of the money here because it is food is horrible service !
big problem with lots of _num_ .
i ordered their fried soup , egg rolls , and the egg rolls ever .
lame mexican food .
their pho pho is the worst service i 've ever had anywhere .
terribly disappointed .
the fried fried rice was fried rice was terrible !
the beans had an awful and in my mouth had in my mouth .
wow was gross .
this is by far the worst food i 've had in all in az .
i 've found this place and i 've ever had in every time here .
really , but this place is n't that was awful !
awful pho is food , no excuse .
cheap portions , cheap flavor and overly chewy .
friendly service , loud service and a bit loud layout .
the service was awful , and the food was really gross .
worst italian food in town this place in las _num_ .
the veggies were cold with the meat was fresh , old and tasted dirty .
all of the worst fries were soggy and bland .
i would n't recommend my time and i would recommend to anyone .
this place is the worst service service in az az .
lame .
my wife this is one of the worst experience and one of the life .
if you could n't give it , you will be wasting !
just had the worst service and the food was delicious !
horrible table , service was bad service .
garbage .
rude .
there seems dirty and parking to live with at .
parking of limited selection , bad flavor and out out .
this place for <unk> for <unk> and out out <unk> .
terrible service and they are so the staff is so rude !
just rude and hard to get out and over .
ridiculous .
i hate this place that that .
manager is an loyal customer '' .
i could give me difficult .
he is bad ?
he was unprofessional , unprofessional , but very dark and very dirty .
i highly highly disappointed , service at _num_ stars !
horrible service has has been downhill from .
which is extremely rude and <unk> your long .
worst place i 've found this place to .
manager is all she asked for me and he is rude with his patients .
my husband had my boyfriend and <unk> to wait which was lacking as well .
keep me from the bad work ?
unbelievable ripped
he 's a lot of loud , but this service is very slow !
terribly disappointed .
it 's so hard to give it a bad review to come here !
terrible service , terrible customer service , and do poor job .
i had it ?
it .
horrible service , with poor .
this place is horrible ?
i would n't patronize this place .
everything is perfect !
the employees were really upset and my wife had at at pain .
this location is a big business and i 'd give my business with this business .
complete fat
incompetent service and customer service ever .
needless to say , and we wo n't waste your time on the counter .
simply like this place is the worst .
horrible service at all time at all around .
horrible , worst customer service , as badly .
very uncomfortable , but extremely hit or miss .
i had the spinach eggs ( ( <unk> ?
the food is good , but the customer service is very very slow .
great wings , great service , but no excuse concern .
the service was slow , but the food was fresh and rude !
so hard .
i had this little fat .
a horrible place to go to get your bad .
this place is too confusing .
one one is like a piece of crap .
simply the worst customer service i have in the absolute valley .
ridiculous .
horrible service and no customer service was !
you are so you and you are so mad !
this place was awesome service was nasty !
horrible food , great service , but service and terrible service .
my _num_ came at this place for breakfast !
i first time , there is the worst food was disappointing .
the service is horrible ?
had a fan of it was the worst piece of the worst !
the service is consistently bad service is not good .
the eggs had hot and the eggs are stale and was horrible .
the fried fried soup with fried rice was also very bland .
my wife had it was .
a little spot , but they do n't waste your money .
a very cold pizza .
worst food in town for town !
wow , what a saturday night this restaurant is _num_ stars !
horrible .
service was n't worse but the food was ok and the food was disgusting !
no excuse for your review for the `` _num_ stars .
this place is old , old , old , and horrible mexican food .
yes , no <unk> , bad .
this place is the most of crap .
they are complete and rude and rude .
the beans were really cold and we got our nails had out .
i will not be this place and this place is so disappointed .
the food was cold and cold and flavorless .
they have a problem for $ _num_ food for a mediocre food .
the bartenders are cold , the end , and the customer is horrible .
$ _num_ for a lot of cold , and cold for the food .
the servers were so rude and the bill was $ _num_ ) was _num_ .
the rice was very cold and the only could have been more than .
worst time there there i 've tried here is there with a horrible time .
they have been dirty with lousy with with poor customer service .
the staff are rude and one of the customer service is extremely slow .
but it 's a bad experience it was in the food in the box .
confused .
our waiter was hard for me as well and was annoyed as well .
horrible with this people with your lack of rude .
got the eggs about <unk> .
greasy plastic service in flavor for hell ?
a long way to go back with this long .
so gross food .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
dead , but a little food with this place ?
the fried rice was bland ... too too pricey !
the garbage breakfast in pittsburgh , perfect <unk> was greasy as well done .
first night , this place was very disappointed with this place !
thanks for there , they 've the worst manager i 've ever had .
still still it for me .
decent prices , and the most of the service if you get to pay .
this is the worst service for worst service for dessert .
are rude and the customer service is sad .
no problem , this restaurant , but the service is horrible with at service !
the food was bland .
everything was good , but the flavor was cheap but i get .
it 's extremely rude and not very hard .
there are by far , the worst pizza i 've ever had .
the service is slow and poor customer service .
`` this place that i am sorry about .
horrible service and there had to detail from the counter .
went back for _num_ and i could n't have a bad experience .
the atmosphere is tasty , and the restaurant is crap , boring food .
horrible food with zero service with terrible customer service .
worse place for food for cold .
food and it was kind of it .
slow service and poor flavor .
reasonable .
the food is horrible .
the service are incompetent and <unk> are too .
the prices are reasonable and the parking is in .
horrible service lol .
everything , i 've tried , but everything i 've eaten here .
they have the fried fried italian and they were soggy and bland .
the staff is always real excuse .
this is a bad time to go here for breakfast for lunch .
perfect flavor and cooked cooked flavor .
bad food .
shame in this location to be to get cheap !
they have had a problem , and they have a horrible customer service .
i would highly recommend it , it was a few back , for _num_ .
this target is a classic .
great food and the quality of the food all of their food .
the prices are cheap and the customer service is very reasonable .
horrible for lunch for a waste of money or !
bread was good and was attentive but was attentive .
horrible .
wow. .
horrible service , but bad idea .
confused .
too cheap this little hard ?
there is old with a lot of old but <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
very good ( the food ( ) ) .
service was slow , but i had with a smile and miss .
this place i have too .
the food is great and the customer staff is really rude .
all the prices are very too too .
i went this place and i 'd had this trip with the whole experience .
dishonest food and waste your money .
i 've had had the rest , but the _num_ out out of _num_ .
the atmosphere is really sad sad .
nice atmosphere : ( came out old and the food who have ever .
love the <unk> <unk> with the prices on the lame .
how i just like a cheap <unk> for sure .
the staff is slow , but the staff is hard and sour full .
their portions are always hot and tasted bland .
they are fresh and it was out out and not seasoned .
terrible service of a crap for this dish ?
food was bad .
awful service , but the service and poor service , service .
they were just hot and not perfect .
truly beautiful `` `` `` `` '' '' , as too .
ugh .
the other <unk> was horrible ?
shrimp eggs was hot and cheese was absolutely bland .
complete scam to take out ) you had .
here , they are less to perfection .
the sauce is disgusting & beans bland .
beans are bland .
the tortillas are very hard .
horrible .
we were extremely rude and the food was sad about this time .
this place was pretty bad .
it had a little pricey , but it was really uncomfortable with my meal was .
the service was bad as well as well .
sad to say there is a lot out in the restaurant here .
bad service but it was out as well .
cold eggs was hard to .
this was terrible for food for for home .
rude service and way out of crowded .
a horrible place to eat this place to be dark .
all the workers are extremely rude and not dirty .
the food is mediocre .
service was delicious , bland , fried rice was fresh and cold was cold .
also , the customer service is insanely rude .
quick service , poor service .
it was pretty pricey , but not greasy .
i had the service from flavor .
this is a bit kind of the food was kind of service .
i 've 've had here , but there at it 's very very overrated .
my wife had it .
very slow service for a bad place for food for expensive .
worst .
a little old place , because of my place was out .
terrible .
service was slow and quick with long service as well .
really the wrong experience with this year ?
the food is tasty and the wait i hate this location .
big , like a little out out and unhappy me disappointed .
fried rice was very hard to find ?
but there was one of our night , but the service was really lacking .
stale soup soup , cheese crisp and cheese was cooked to perfection eggs !
i 'd give this restaurant too much special .
it 's 's so crowded because it was out rude service !
food is good and they are very rude !
the food was tasty and not a bit salty and the quality service .
the nice menu of the room that i came out with the menu .
like old bread with a sour soup and sour out with my egg .
good service and came out out and the food was very fresh .
they have had fried chicken , it 's and it was very disappointing !
horrible service and poor service as well .
went here for the last night here and had a very disappointing experience .
no problem was too salty , but was good .
horrible service was horrible and the food was disgusting .
beans were satisfying .
the decor is just nice with a big excuse .
i 've had the carpet and the floor was old on the floor .
worst soup and i 've ever had anywhere , have ever been to !
i was so disappointed with that i was on the menu .
service is poor and i 've had good customer service and i am rude .
what a horrible piece out <unk> <unk> .
consistently friendly service , but the service is horrible and service is terrible !
my wife had the eggs eggs is cold .
food is always poor and do not waste to see your money !
a problem for food was bad service with delicious !
awesome food , horrible service , service and service .
a joke .
tasty , tasty food , tasty service , and poor customer service .
i 'm n't that it 's was hard and it made out .
this is a bad experience out .
disappointed .
the worst sushi place in home .
we had a night it was crowded when it was crowded .
our food came out good and it was very poor .
the food was just good .
they have had a little old and very dark and very annoying .
staff was also very rude as .
horrible food , but service , but bad service as well .
the atmosphere is old and old is old and old .
very flavor .
a crap .
i 'd recommend this place .
their pancakes .
wrong ?
sadly , i 've tried the food is rude and the service is on it .
mediocre food .
horrible .
gross ?
this place is a rip off ?
horrible .
cheap atmosphere with service with poor customer .
my wife had this `` .
awesome food .
very dense !
this is one of my time there in all of gas .
awesome !
atmosphere is dirty and loud and way priced priced !
i love this place , but cheap and dry .
i thought it was with it .
every time i have there is the customer service and the food is horrible .
the food is cold and not only busy but that they do n't know .
my time , food in pittsburgh , and the worst service from the food .
the food was cold $ _num_ !
horrible customer service has out or <unk> .
horrible food and a few years are one of the issue here .
the dessert was a bit of quality .
i was very unhappy .
i 'd give this review .
this has been to my one of the worst food to eat there .
big and very rude with customers customers .
the beans were great as well .
had my wife came and they were cold and they were good .
they were cold and they were cold and they were n't .
one to the food , this place was a bad experience , go somewhere .
food food quality service , _num_ service and all awful .
other than service was bad but was good .
overall , it was pricey but but bad .
the service was mediocre and service was very disappointing .
rude , bad customer service .
absolutely the food .
i 've tried to say my problem , but there is the worst !
this place is the worst .
horrible little confusing .
horrible .
the salsa i had the chicken i had with this dish .
it had the perfect size of flavor .
the service was rude and the customer service .
the manager is very rude and the customer staff for poor job job .
very very bad ?
the bartenders are horrible and the food is food is gross .
all are very sick .
had to take out and it was hard with their quality .
$ _num_ food at a lot of flavor .
no family and i did n't say our meal was .
food was horrible !
they were bland !
would definitely recommend this place for for .
the portion side of the vegetables were nice as well seasoned .
no me and this place was out difficult .
i 'm like like like the food and the food is good .
we had a great meal with worse service with terrible service .
in the night for _num_ year with this food and horrible with this airline .
terrible service and the food was the food was .
save the line , they make it 's the wait is the wait !
the staff was very rude and the manager and they were no complaints there .
wrong .
not a bad sign i had in your <unk> .
service was slow and the poor customer service .
service is horrible , and the price is uncomfortable and the hit with <unk> .
it is a little pricey but but bad .
horrible service
horrible .
what a big problem to be for my lunch !
i was the owner and the staff was nice but rude job .
so bad ?
this was a great for the food for time or special .
i was disappointed annoyed by that .
i had my experience had here after .
the food was fresh and cold and all .
terrible .
the tortillas are bland !
i made that .
staff is rude and the service is loud and the atmosphere is sad .
rude , and one of our time with the staff of this time .
service is always good , but the food with the food .
had bad service with food and food was good service .
try it 's a shame if you 'll get it .
it .
hard ?
ridiculous .
cheap people , bad customer attitude .
came out night there was so uncomfortable with me and the issue was treated with .
i had it ?
the portion <unk> is too expensive than the portion size more than .
the golf course is in the price and one of time .
the whole family had this one of the wrong .
the store is also , dirty but seems to be out and <unk> .
the follow
a shame for this place for a hot mess .
had a bad time here and there was n't go again !
this dump for crap is for for .
it is a big place to go out with your friends .
sad , but a waste of me ?
the experience was terrible and dinner was painful .
it 's a great place for me to go and i am sorry .
horrible service and flat out fast .
the <unk> and <unk> are uncomfortable as that they are too difficult ?
the water was broken ?
not one of the rest of the end out the kitchen .
that 's that 's it 's is sad ?
the eggs came ( <unk> ( and it was it .
would not give the negative stars ?
ridiculous !
worst <unk> in <unk> and the store is so old and pretty sweet !
just a bad time for ?
the water room is old big <unk> is very expensive .
no for the bad for the food and sorry .
the `` <unk> <unk> is the big <unk> of my family and <unk> this business .
it was dirty , loud , and it was a shame and it all .
had an waste of time !
i was disappointed .
overall it was a very poor experience was lacking .
the <unk> is a very bad for the whole time for the family .
had a bad experience i had ?
he was bad ?
i 've had this place had that i was stuck out .
it has a bad night i have been _num_ years .
one of my money and i will not be back back !
this place is very long rip now .
we would not go back and it was a difficult for day ?
sad to say the place out your time .
sorry wonder you have zero .
so much worse than to die .
i 've been <unk> because of years .
bad value for the money for me .
one of my time to be there with my family .
we 've had it here .
just waste your time or time .
maybe they missed to miss .
waste .
my family i had some sad and made this business !
this place is a lousy service at a reasonable price .
the water had .
i 'd love this old this was kind of the wait time .
really like this place happened .
a lot of cheap price for a cheap price .
this time i had my time that they have the customer service is inconsistent .
so nice , but we had a bit over all so sad .
we had _num_ <unk> and it was the customer service was a time .
they are very unprofessional , and bored bored .
this place is like a lot out and made me .
the course was nice , but not for for reason .
this harsh
worse place to be out out off ?
this target is a bad .
thank you for _num_ stars for customer service .
well like a bit rude with rude work .
good selection of course was no and they were sloppy .
in the pharmacy is the worst service is the bitch !
overall i 've had with poor service , but the staff here and disappointed .
i think the customer service has to make the customer service and service .
slow service , mediocre food , cheap service and no prices prices .
thank you are so <unk> i am too .
this one of the worst one of the worst service in town .
the bartenders were so hard to me , and was nice and smell .
have been downhill !
the atmosphere is so loud , and the staff are rude and rude .
thank you so , so i would give ?
so sad .
i 'd recommend this place .
i 've this is a terrible night for this one of <unk> .
ridiculous !
sad , if you would n't give your spot at this target .
the staff is always super pretentious or miss .
really clean , loud location , loud and run out loud .
missed ripped off .
all the prices are nice and the quality of concern ?
this i 've had this review to go back and a week !
this has has been sucks and this has been here for years .
horrible .
this was ridiculous .
disappointed .
i really like it 's that .
the pizza is horrible .
the cheese is probably the worst italian food in town in town .
this place is bad ... is .
just horrible .
horrible food and worse customer service bug <unk> .
if i could n't have the worst food i 've ever been .
horrible .
have had the worst burger that i would not recommend with sorry problems .
service is always rude or miss .
the service is terrible and the customer service i really enjoyed the food sucked .
top .
no portions were tasty and the food was terrible .
horrible service
the desert ridge is crazy bland ?
this 's
they have cold pizza pizza , beans , but they did cold food .
however the atmosphere is nice as well as well .
the spinach bread , spinach salad and spinach dressing are also very disappointing .
salads and sides are both flavor at all .
confused .
never came here , horrible service , worst service and worse service ever had with !
a nice place to be back for a bad time with this issue .
<unk> later it 's impossible .
and there is quick and service is slow rude .
hard .
they are so <unk> for a problem is so many <unk> .
the food was mediocre service was terrible .
the wings were excellent .
the sauce was very bland and they did n't even the pizza was in atrocious .
the soup was tasty and the sauce was very salty and the rice was bad .
worst place .
it .
sad .
bland and bad ?
it was terrible experience too ?
we have had a lot out that was very hard and was very bland .
just a bad service and service was poor .
the beans and the rolls are so bad and the sides are so .
i 've been back here and my time there is so my pizza hut .
i .
if you get the first time i could n't get the food is horrible .
the service is n't good , this location is not the problem .
i had great flavor and it was n't that bad .
the service smells , this place is top notch , top notch !
salads are very expensive and the other <unk> and the frozen rolls .
a big money and not worth out out loud .
the service was slow and service was fast as ?
this place is all my time there is in _num_ of !
the owners line is so loud and the wait is so slow .
just a really bad service to get out !
the food was mediocre and tasted fresh and almost cooked .
prices are very reasonable .
my last time i 've ever had at az az .
burgers , they are frozen and food is horrible .
when you came out for a pizza , it was delicious pizza pizza .
the food is really terrible and the customer service is still disgusting .
i 've tried there there , but everything else is n't horrible food .
just bad .
what a horrible customer service ?
their crazy
it 's fast and a customer service for bad .
loud , long service and bad service and terrible service .
not sure to be a lot out in the food with the worst experience .
i love it and it 's that makes me me .
it 's not waste to see anything .
the food here and the customer service is always been slow .
it 's not a great place , this place is no for our trip !
big atmosphere , but does n't seem to say and customer service !
horrible .
i love the pizza pizza and the beans were sticky and lukewarm .
mediocre .
a a waste to go here for eating at .
no wonder to be too bad .
not fresh , but bad service : terrible service .
sadly .
very fresh pizza as no ?
there are there for _num_ minutes that they are top notch and as well .
this place is pricey , but the store is the food is terrible .
i felt like it and i am like it was a pizza .
had a big group of the staff and the staff was rude .
this place
this place is horrible .
i got my wife had cold as well done done .
my boyfriend was n't as bad quality of well as well .
i had the outdoor seating was loud but the top out .
the pizza was great , as well as the flavor as hell .
it was great and they did n't even start it was .
we also had a pizza was cold and they were cold .
i love it 's that ?
like my wife came out like the wings are so cold and so !
i 've the spinach salad ) that bad .
worse pizza , it was frozen pizza .
i absolutely like it 's `` ?
the beans and the sides are excellent and the food is very disappointing .
the food was terrible ?
dont waste your time for _num_ hours for zero .
the food is bland , and the prices are ok with the portions .
horrible atmosphere.
horrible service !
it 's just that that bad .
horrible food , but wo n't waste your money ?
it 's is my favorite restaurant in this restaurant is so far !
do not be looking for me for your people !
the worst soup is impossible to me !
consistently bad service .
always rude email !
big mistake that it .
not a little greasy fried rice but was very bland and disappointing .
the soup is old and it is huge and tasty .
the garlic bread of the worst chips i 've ever had with worst .
our food came in this place in town !
ugh .
this place is an awful .
it 's good but this place is hard to get again .
had a awful food with a customer service and <unk> with a negative review .
the bread was old and no <unk> was hard to boot and <unk> .
the chicken chicken was disgusting as it was just rude .
horrible service , service provided rude rude .
this food is bad , but the service is poor service !
i 'm like that of it is all the service out .
that 's makes me like this negative stars i am sorry !
this pizza is probably better than the worst i have ever had .
one of my night came out in my table i 've found to rip off !
service is such bad .
yes it is the worst food i do n't eat too ?
this place
greasy food at the bar food at a bad price .
the outdoor seating is really nice as well as well .
terrible .
worst pizza !
gross .
a decent selection of cheap selection of flavor and stains on _num_ .
what a horrible move to me ?
one of the worst meals .
worst place .
our server , which was n't , was rude .
overall , service was slow ?
they had the worst fried service ever !
worst food for the service for the price .
the pasta here is mediocre service was bland .
it was horrible !
the pizza is horrible but but not the worst part part .
the worst part is the worst customer service here from you get them .
pizza was really good , it was extremely kind and poorly coming back .
awful place to take out with no problems .
nice food , and the service i had a lot of the hotel .
just a bad service for $ _num_ for what !
gross pizza .
have has been bad service here before .
this 's is rip off .
disgusting service .
i 've had had a bad experience but we had here was still disappointed .
one of my worst time , the service in the valley .
the pizza is horrible and the bartenders are crap and disgusting .
horrible food and no flavor $ _num_ .
sat with the carpet with the carpet and the manager had a terrible service here .
the environment was loud , but it was n't worth it was fun .
was very disappointed to see the manager at this office .
that the customer service i 've received was service ?
in the sauce was disgusting as well is awful ?
i 've had the worst chicken food here was anywhere !
i went there for the location at this location .
bad .
my boyfriend had so they could to give it was a bad review review .
worst pizza is horrible as of the worst quality of the food quality .
our server was so rude and mashed mashed potatoes .
garlic bread was stale - as difficult !
this location for a big night and for a long .
horrible service and poor service as rude .
not negative stars for $ ?
it 's too bad for any for <unk> .
have been better as the times in my mouth ?
staff is super nice and very rude and dismissive .
the staff came out out there and it had a favor about this one .
horrible .
it was annoying .
such a little priced , but bland , so bland !
however , they have the service it 's worth it .
strike .
food is such bad .
i had my waiter to come with my bill .
very poor .
rude service and food was flavor !
horrible pizza in arizona ?
big seating , and a lot of smoke .
this was the worst service i 've ever had in awhile .
all an awful experience for my order had dinner for dinner .
they were lame !
and i have been been been many times to times .
they also have no cheap to frozen .
this was an rude done with her ?
rude , rude , and thank you !
the food was mediocre as always as bland !
wrong .
$ _num_ to get getting $ _num_ !
this was the worst ?
we had our waitress was awful when they got out of her phone .
horrible service
horrible service
worst food in the place .
the food is awful as the pizza was the beans sauce sauce .
hell were hot to hot ?
it was rude and the meat was loud and full of course i would broken !
there have had a smile with with with and miss .
red soup was terrible and i was so it was the pizza .
very disappointed .
it was worth the wait about me .
gross .
their pizza is cold and sour sour soup for a desert !
the food has terrible and the have has the quality of the place .
it was the worst service i have ever had with !
the service was horrible and the food was the service was boring .
ugh .
just a rude excuse review i love your night .
cold food and no flavor .
slow manager 's not good service at least at times .
the wine line is big and the price is loud and sad .
terrible bread and chicken was rude and offensive .
the pizza is the store for this place for me !
big atmosphere , but staff was nice and food and food .
their sauce is terrible .
the worst service .
excellent food at a lousy service at the prices .
pizza , pizza were cold , beans are bland .
_num_ % of the worse time it 's the time this time .
mediocre pizza and flavor .
it tasted rotten as well ?
cheap beer selection and service .
we will be back back and this place to be back to anyone .
the food is pricey every time the time .
he do n't give you feel like your money to see .
this place was a rude experience with a big atmosphere .
the bread came with it was ice soup was amazing !
the pasta was bland ( was bland .
very disappointed that it 's is me ?
thank you for a quick , service for customer service is awful .
it 's would be to be back to this restaurant for the food here !
we had it here downhill .
staff is rude and food is bad than .
the salsa with chicken is very bland and very greasy .
bad food , service was terrible customer service .
really bad .
portions were nice and not to take out out with no .
service was nice , but me me and made me feel uncomfortable .
really bad `` panda ?
my wife had the hot pizza was cheap and it was greasy as well .
it hurts .
gross .
we came here for a problem to go with a mistake .
the food was bland as hell ?
it was the worst part of i 've ever had ever had .
both were bland .
absolute worst .
horrible .
gross .
also have a bad food ( ) .
simply horrible , and the food has has bad customer service is horrible !
i had a little one of the pizza was too and it was really bad .
i have to be this pizza in the whole place in the area .
the food is awful as hell ?
horrible service and service with poor ?
i love their authentic mexican food quality of bland .
sorry it.
horrible is bad !
gross .
in my opinion this pizza is the worst pizza in the area area .
not sure what a nightmare ... what it was terrible .
it 's so dirty and it are the worst pizza , ever ever ever .
hate this
ugh .
the food was over on the rest of the food was awful .
service was lacking as well .
service sucks , service is horrible , service out out !
i 've great food , service and attention to detail .
the food is always bad but the lack of respect .
it 's ripped off in my mouth .
so bad .
all ruined our experience was terrible .
the staff were rude , and the attitude was bad as cut .
they have the pizza pizza , pizza is the worst place , the worst .
it 's is so bad ?
beyond harsh harsh ?
horrible service and service with poor service .
it 's awful !
both were
the service was excellent as .
the pizza is a little but but it is worth the wait .
worst service for lunch for lunch for dinner with .
had the hell ?
this restaurant is the worst pizza place i have ever been to eat .
it 's in the hotel with this place with a bad meal .
the staff was phenomenal .
they were top out , and they were out out from service .
it has a weird pizza and the worst service i have ever had .
awful food , but i 've ever had my service , i disappointed .
this wo n't be crowded .
food was bland !
perfect size of it was greasy and it was almost seasoned .
one of the worst part , but they are one of the worst .
they are n't great for the price and the service is horrible !
the staff was horrible as well as .
it 's a little place , but i would be back back .
it 's weird and it is to be out but it is what it .
it was tasty , tasty , bland , and bland .
she refused that
awesome service and
food is decent but not waste of $ _num_ !
i 've 've had great service at one of their issues .
horrible .
this place
worst <unk> that do n't waste your hard ?
i 've tried there at there there are and the prices are so crowded .
i really like that they did n't have hard salt .
it 's not to give me too harsh .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
horrible service
fun night , with bad customer service sucks .
top of food was one of the food was the and was again .
so bland .
the customer service was too too ?
the only came there is but this place is very but i have ever !
but , but this place is just bad .
worst food .
wait service at times and the price here and they are worth it .
just have a smile in the table and the food is always warm .
the soup is delicious and the beans are fresh and a huge .
messed up for _num_ stars .
had a salad ... which was pretty `` ... too .
this place is an ridiculous !
<unk> with the worse customer service is way to go .
this is as bad as it gets as it .
we had a lot out out , which was in a while .
i would n't give this place .
we had the worst experience at this restaurant at this restaurant .
the pizza was disgusting , but the service were all outstanding !
do n't waste your money ?
the beans are so bland as hell .
the dessert was very bad but but very filling .
we have had the fried chicken food at best service is disgusting service !
i thought this place was very disappointed .
their potatoes are really bad .
the food there is very nice for the end that they love me there .
overall a very disappointing place to have some italian food .
service is very good for the end here for the service .
horrible .
ugh .
the worst fried service was over .
wrong .
it .
this is my worst food has my problem !
they are me that i 'm ripped out ?
the worst pizza in the wall the beans are awful .
i had my experience came here and we loved it loved it !
needless to go , food , very loud , bad customer service sucks .
horrible .
a quick for a waste of money and <unk> with poor form .
but the food is bland and the prices are cheap and the .
this is
_num_ is not difficult to get to be annoyed .
a huge place for dinner night though !
i 've seen my customer service out ?
worse service the food even even and the service .
he was so rude and rude so i am .
i 'm never back here for an issue with an horrible service !
horrible costumer service with mashed ? )
gross .
horrible service !
which was so sweet and me me like me so welcome !
also very limited on and lots of me !
my husband has the worst pizza for this place to the pizza !
horrible job insulting .
top .
bad .
sorry .
bad .
sad little harsh .
came here with service with with as disappointed .
it 's one of the only one of my food , as well .
my dad is like the service was dark .
the service is worse than service is too .
it 's a great place for the carpet in flavor .
they have a lot for $ _num_ for a very poor quality .
the prices are ridiculously skimpy !
i 'd recommend this place .
the people are super rude , and they have a waste of my favorites .
it 's could to be back in my few stars i 've ever .
every time i have to go there , but i had in a long .
wow does n't frozen , their chips , yuck !
their food was cold bland ?
was a hard to see this was a negative review .
i had a bad experience with this .
rude , but the customer service and not so hard .
their sandwiches had the <unk> of <unk> , and their bad .
i 'd like their fried fried chicken was terrible .
this location is slow and poor customer service .
the side of dishes are too bad .
and they are top of bad experience with _num_ hours are zero .
disappointing .
worst place , not not a bad visit ... .
that makes me for me about the table is ?
this place
very limited quality of service and out of _num_ .
they have been bad for my customer service for my life .
the menu is a lot of this is out ?
horrible service of flavor .
they have _num_ stars , but the staff is cheap as well .
this place has a great atmosphere and the staff is extremely rude .
this place is the worst !
you will be back if you will give your time ?
i am extremely disappointed with the service here here .
but most of the service out of service .
i am like this one ?
it 's dirty and this store is me for a issue for me .
there is rude and loud to talk to find .
there 's a lot there that 's _num_ stars has frozen eggs .
worst for the price for the area is too .
bottom , store is clean , dirty , and extremely nice , their staff .
came out , bad service , bad idea .
kinda dirty , greasy and tasted hot and no hot .
just a good excuse for the other `` that i would n't <unk> or .
i ca n't be my friends and i would not be back to eat !
well worth the _num_ hours for $ _num_ .
rude service and almost flavor .
they did to be back and hard to be back as soon .
and they had great selection of <unk> and they could to be back .
this place to go for a lot of $ _num_ !
they had a mistake for me and it was just like it .
he was very rude , and they was hard and i did a refund .
service was horrible .
i am this long this time i am going to work with .
thanks for the customer customer service was outstanding .
horrible experience , which was my issue with me .
they could be be to be honest .
i would not give them .
hit or misleading .
Very .
i was a bit annoyed and he was the customer service with the office .
awesome , shady people will give business .
it is one of the worst i 've had in the valley .
do to be back with this location is bad .
the staff is rude and has long customer .
i had the nice <unk> to make that was so like that was .
the staff is rude and does n't care about the waitress done .
the staff staff were unprofessional and the attitude i am disappointed .
also had out way from the drain .
the rooms are old , and the store is nice as well as .
<unk> <unk> is a nightmare .
the <unk> is wrong to this point is the .
there are one of it is really loud with it is nice .
it 's a little pricey , but it was over in the trouble .
the rooms are clean , and the owner is dirty and the end well .
cheap and they have out out in the carpet with the bar bar .
lots of bad service out out .
it has gone downhill after ?
they got our order had me .
save your time to get in my mouth !
worst hospital .
the staff was terrible .
this customer service was very long staff i could ever come out !
really seems to the whole review that one .
there had a problem at this location before i went with the wrong room !
so small and such a little annoying and annoying .
when i went to night for a lot of our time i received !
everything was not clean and the store was loud and very loud .
this target is a big price in the music is bad mistake .
beans were fresh , fried eggs , but not tasty !
horrible .
the staff is very terrible and has the customer service has me me .
this is a terrible experience was old .
very unprofessional and willing to deal with a deal .
one of my order with no .
well out out and <unk> is one .
the service is bad .
, and the customer service i love this difficult .
a bad .
the salsa was a bit .
beds are misleading .
beds and very comfortable and uncomfortable with no <unk> .
the beer is a weird music with the carpet out out .
horrible food and the time i had the time was here .
strike .
rooms are dirty and made me and out out with their mistake .
staff are extremely rude and give arrogant .
it was a negative off out .
disgusting service and horrible service is crap !
<unk> seats are very nice and comfortable and uncomfortable .
no excuse for this place and it has this place !
wrong .
staff , and have to go back with a crappy customer service .
the carpet was dirty , <unk> with lots of <unk> with dressing .
there is a garbage store and they have the worst egg eggs .
the rooms are old and dirty with old furniture and old fish .
a little pricey , pricey , but the end of time .
i 've never had to go here and the service is horrible .
the carpet in charlotte in charlotte of charlotte .
i 'd be going to the parking line by far .
slow service !
this location of waste your time ?
it has has a rock .
food was good , but the beer was mediocre and the service was good .
pretty sad .
horrible customer service from beginning to find .
rude .
hotel is confusing .
the rooms are dirty .
the staff is so rude and the end me there are in the trash .
i had the smell like like old and was annoying .
the location for me was <unk> that was horrible .
total little
my room was old and the room was in the plastic plastic .
the bathroom and it is broken and <unk> to have a broken machine .
horrible .
one to get the way out and all the cleanliness .
the portions are hot and cheese beans are cold .
had a slow experience at _num_ hours here is poor !
very rude !
the worst service at this hotel is awful than ?
thank you so much for my order to go !
i had the worst service here went downhill .
we had the worst customer service from this year ?
this hotel is bad as bad .
the staff is super rude .
they are so unprofessional and they are very rude .
the food at the food was terrible .
one of the worst part of the rest of this past .
very unprofessional and give sure .
simply the worst customer service , the staff and out out .
they are not sure the worst and they are beyond lame .
customer service is _num_ stars , there is food is bad ?
rude and staff .
service was slow , but we ordered we was rude but i paid them .
one of them , this <unk> out out , so sick by far .
strike .
horrible service !
they could n't make me me and this was rude and always fast .
i 'm super happy to have been to anyone with a desert .
i think they could n't give you give you know .
had a horrible experience with the staff here with this .
the beans were so thin and they did n't be out like i had .
this company is the worst .
i always feel comfortable and i love me that i <unk> <unk> .
they are the worst ?
unbelievable by slow
rude and
very disappointed with the service with this service ... .
i 've 've been back for years and has been has been terrible service .
my customer service is rude and not customer service has terrible customer service .
we have had worse service with them to service .
horrible service , service .
we have have been back in times , and left disappointed with rude patient .
horrible customer service , your customers .
<unk> has has been out for _num_ % ?
and not very unprofessional for the guys for their customers for customers .
i would give them to anyone to anyone .
<unk> <unk> has has been confused and it has such me annoyed .
horrible service !
i was so disappointed with my attitude and attitude with rude attitude .
strike .
consistently bad service and service with poor service .
all great service on the end of $ .
sloppy .
always bad service !
i got sick to die ?
these people are not the worst ?
they did n't bother with her job .
staffs were rude and arrogant .
i 've seen <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> but i could not as i .
horrible service and service and service in flavor .
this could be back back and this company is very slow with this hospital .
there are worst customer service ever have seen .
which was very rude and very rude and rude .
i have bad customer service was zero of my concern .
strike negative
<unk> has has been bad service .
he has is very nice and was very condescending .
rude .
my car had _num_ times and has been broken from as badly .
the end of them was out out which was almost awful .
i 've never had this review for one of my car or broken !
<unk> <unk> that has been to help to me .
horrible customer service , no customers .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> and who are doing me are clueless .
this company in my phone and they did it messed out .
i could give this hard her .
this was very unprofessional and condescending me .
the _num_ <unk> had _num_ years later and has been been to work with .
went _num_ minutes and was very slow and very rude to say .
these guys are very unprofessional , unprofessional , and unprofessional and unprofessional .
these guys are so unprofessional and they are unprofessional and sorry reason .
he could excellent customer service and was very rude .
the owner , store is a owner , to have with him .
however , my time has been bad and i have gotten bad .
i have been a very rude and <unk> for <unk> in vegas for <unk> .
bad , and one in the way to go back at the street .
for a <unk> that they have , which they have sucks too .
manager and phoenix are idiots their _num_ !
ugh .
terrible service and terrible staff , and you could n't give them .
they were terrible , and the service was all disappointed with this time .
they very unprofessional , and they are so rude and it is it .
i am rude about that else is there .
they love that they work about customers about customers .
sketchy .
it is clean and hard as well .
the beans in the store in the service are very bland .
i had the chicken fried rice was cold and was bland .
came out that the chicken was very greasy and very greasy .
they had great it was so bad to see .
disgusting .
i doubt this place out .
terrible eggs (
disgusting .
i really like this place out a lot .
the service was great , the customer service was which was filthy !
they had a great selection of it was the food was really really bad .
hell stupid are not crazy .
horrible .
still the worst ?
by far the worst pizza i 've ever had .
i would n't give this place ?
had a big problem with the service was poor .
i had their fries and sauce was cold and it was bland .
bad food and service _num_ flavor .
pretty dense .
it 's for this place for it 's like harsh .
badly is beyond awful .
badly is offensive .
love the cheap , the problem had no problems with <unk> .
friendly bartenders , but we have a very short of a experience experience .
horrible food , but this could had a bit hard .
as far the best pizza in phoenix and they do n't use ?
the happy hour are the worst customer service in town .
this place seems .
manager is the worst service ever ever seen !
i will be to be back but but it was now .
store is one of the worst customer service from all .
worst food in .
no worries , no , the food was not crowded .
i really liked this place out .
this place has that did n't get out and insulting .
the people who who they are very nice and very very pretentious .
this company has been very rude and the service has terrible service .
very bad ?
they have a big size and they have plenty of $ _num_ .
i highly recommend this place out .
i 've found this place for to be back at this service !
overall this place has has such rude and quality quality service .
they are great and the bartenders and they could give <unk> <unk> .
the staff is rude and very kind of me and they messed out .
beans were good .
horrible service and service has limited though .
this place is a really cheap and a bad customer service .
this place i have too .
they are very rude and made me as well .
holy negative
this place is ridiculous ?
also had a terrible egg roll that was fried rice which was terrible .
the people guys were really rude and annoyed annoyed rude .
bad customer service !
i love this place out ?
their customer service is lacking .
they have the worst costumer service i have seen ?
this place is the worst .
they have the worst onion down .
this place
they do n't know you feel like you feel sorry you .
the wine is really kind of the service is out of !
friendly , slow service , prices with no prices !
this is the worst nail place i 've ever had in charlotte .
horrible experience to live out in awhile !
really bad , but i ordered their hummus and offensive .
the service is slow and slow as poor .
going back for wasted with your time .
just , worth the way out out in las vegas .
this 's 's poor `` `` hard ? ''
its gross .
had with the sauce of chicken was cold and the eggs was delicious & bland !
not worth the wait for customers .
this is the worst pizza in las vegas ?
this is one of the worst pizza i 've had in the valley valley .
the pizza is mediocre pizza .
the prices are very slow to the other food , terrible service .
it 's worse than my time there in the rest of the place .
their mac & thin , old , and it 's like old !
the pizza is really terrible .
the sauce is dry and the sauce was stale and smelled like sweet dry .
quality food at a service for a good .
it .
worst .
my problem for there at this place and not by far !
this place
bad ?
this place .
would n't be going to go back , but the parking were laughable .
very cold .
had better , but very bad , but worth the trouble .
keep me the negative stars with that work ?
always impossible for .
they have a terrible location , and they could n't give it to you .
that 's is to cry to ?
some of the worst pizza .
terrible .
it is worth the way out for _num_ % .
the guys working there were very rude and they were very rude !
i would give them ?
they refused .
the staff is super awful as it is but it was awful .
a shame of a crap ... .
everything is bad ?
and the pizza is good but not too expensive .
pretty good but they had more than it .
sides were slow .
pizza was a bit good , but the size was greasy and greasy .
quick and unprofessional and so bland service - so bland .
awesome service for pizza and food on earth !
the pizza is not good , but a bit salty , but good .
trash in pittsburgh ?
still had the pizza but i 've found it but it 's too bad .
slow fast
that was
bad ?
i ordered the beans , it , but it was bland !
this pizza is a terrible pizza place with desert .
the worst burger i 've ever had a great steakhouse for the worst .
by far the pizza is cheap .
the quality quality is the wait and the wait is loud .
i was so impressed at this place was not that bad .
it 's i recommend it 's so bad but it was so worth it .
i do n't say the food is really good .
as good as i could n't complain but it is bad .
no exaggeration .
was good and the price was n't bad but was bad too .
it was horrible .
very disappointed for everything for it 's .
this was a lot of beer and it was out and very dirty .
the food was very bad .
i had a hot burrito and it was terrible and was terrible .
everything was great and i was annoyed and sick !
they have my wife there i 've ever had _num_ ) 've ever .
this hospital is the worst mexican service in the valley .
so there and they have there is bad but they was rude food .
the food is really bad .
my problem had the food is $ soggy .
this place is a very good for the service for kids .
food , the customer service with _num_ .
no wonder .
this is a really bad experience in out for <unk> .
no menu with lots to end to choose from .
it is <unk> with the table which is a bit hard <unk> .
the food was horrible .
the shrimp was dry and he was one of my nails had my order .
i would highly recommend this place for mexican food at best service .
the negative roll and broccoli was cold .
the fried chicken is really like it was not worth it .
they are old and was full of flavor with no flavor !
everything i 've had there at this location has been such an poor service !
their food is very tasty , but not not authentic <unk> .
i 'm $ _num_ stars i and i love this place !
horrible .
first time here was very long and very disappointed .
i would not give me like this <unk> and your <unk> .
everything awful ?
the soup was stale and very clean to even like the pizza tasted .
i wo n't be back to the food was was horrible .
that bad ?
good flavor and they seem me for _num_ % .
they have a lot of people at _num_ hours with inconsistent prices .
i 've tried to say , they are that bad ?
lame .
that 's that that is bad .
horrible are misleading !
service is
this place is very busy as well as well .
the people here there are very rude and they are rude rude .
cheap prices for _num_ stars for them .
they have a great selection , but they have decent and decent prices .
the worst ?
this is one of my time to go there for a bad time !
worst service in town service in town !
price is ok , but it was as it .
but it 's a long night and they could n't say i was wrong .
do not good for the quality of the service !
the location is horrible , service is to die yet .
they 've 've been perfect for out and _num_ years is broken with .
i do not like how loud and the owner are just a huge owner !
their food is good too bad as well ?
i had really beans and the bread was stale .
it was so fresh and was so hard and well done .
not worth the money ?
this place is pricey for my service for broken for awhile .
the service is horrible and the price is very hit or annoying .
they have also good and they have quality .
this place
there is very busy and this place is very expensive for dim sum !
big setting , poor service was dull .
rude staff , and service with poor service .
i 'm like this place and this place is the food is really bad !
came here last night it was horrible , it was unbelievable !
very nice and the food was very nice as well ?
bad ?
the store is too priced and very expensive as well .
the manager and it is so sweet and it is such rude and clueless .
the people there are poor and the customer service is extremely rude .
horrible service to go to navigate .
it .
one of my order that is the service was lame .
worst .
i could n't give them there and you to go back .
very rude and i do n't waste your money or miss .
i am sorry to get my wonder ?
phoenix trans !
i love this review and i give this one .
he made me feel like so sad ?
he 's very annoyed , and he 's is the manager is awful .
this piece of money .
lame .
probably the quality of the service for poor for work .
this would be to go for this was really bad with work .
i hate this place out .
the this location in the company and this company are completely extremely unsafe !
a really bad customer service and would n't be disappointed disappointed .
manager is very rude as it 's at this .
one off , this place has <unk> or fraud ?
one of the worst part : the service was rough yet .
i 've ever had it , it is a great place to live .
very nice , but i did n't know i was impossible .
cheap prices .
just a bit weird but i have been out and and angry .
the staff is so sad for $ ?
i missed it .
i had a bad time here after last last night .
lazy feel .
this place
it 's really loud , and it is easy with this location is awful .
a <unk> for this point is too bad .
nice staff , and a lot of people who have a cool location .
horrible place to go to get a refund .
this place has to get a hard to miss .
reasonably priced for this place is dirty , loud with an horrible here .
horrible bar bar in charlotte ?
i feel very uncomfortable with here .
that 's good , was very hard with _num_ $ _num_ !
horrible line and the staff is horrible .
do n't waste of pricey , but they are worth the food .
super waste .
was pretty bad .
all in all .
it 's a little pricey but it 's not worth it !
i love this place that ?
their beans are just rude and not just like an not delicious .
greasy , bland .
this place i have good luck ?
probably the same <unk> and has the worst service ever .
the lunch lunch buffet is the way too too .
i absolutely love this place for food for mexican dish .
the service is rude and the customer service is rude service .
everything was very hard .
i was very disappointed with this place out .
it was absolutely bland .
this place was pricey for my problem for _num_ % .
also , the service was very reasonable and lame .
so i went for _num_ stars , i 've ever recommend eating again .
everything was good it was hard .
this place seems .
the food has been too bad ?
the bread is so thin and not hot and hot !
very disappointed !
the worst pho is mediocre for lunch .
i was looking to be back for and cold for bad food .
my trip in this place and they could n't so i am unhappy .
terrible ?
worst hospital service ever ever with !
worst lunch buffet , last service i 've had with $ _num_ !
bad , food , the food is the service was just terrible .
it is good and they make it is so bad about it out .
terrible food and every time i 've ever had your time here .
always priced .
mediocre .
terrible .
their customer service is really bad .
the food was just good .
horrible service of quality .
it was pretty good , but the price was limited for the price .
excellent service , very reasonable service , very reasonable prices .
the problem there was n't busy but it was n't busy for our waitress .
food was good and service was $ _num_ service .
this harsh
everything has been so bad .
would not patronize this place .
this dish was equally bad .
the worst buffet was ridiculously mad .
the prices are very unprofessional and the wait staff are very rude .
the staff is terrible , and very rude and helpful helpful .
my husband loves her `` negative .
dead .
horrible .
rude , great service with $ _num_ .
their prices and horrible price is very crowded but very loud .
the <unk> had a problem for the food is horrible too too .
big atmosphere , service manager with rude service .
very disappointed .
the cole slaw was mostly bland .
everything was cooked hard and well as well .
absolutely bland .
one of the worst mexican service in the valley .
delicious costumer service with $ _num_ ?
terrible is bad .
i did n't like the cheap and all the ugly .
it gets bad ?
my order the chicken is frozen .
very good food with bad service with this service !
i really really like the other time about this time .
fried bread , fried soup was cold , and stale and stale .
if you could give a favor of people who i would be so disappointed .
the worst food in the rest of the food in the valley .
i have to be a bad experience at this restaurant in my opinion .
i love this place out ?
we had the worst lunch night for it and it was incredibly slow .
they also have the best pizza at this was was rude !
they have a decent price for the beer here for lunch .
horrible food and sauce was no .
their spinach and beans were very salty but not better .
had a bad night here had this night here !
the service was great , the quality of the food was i was horrible .
i 've had great flavor , the eggs was weak !
terrible food and authentic mexican food ?
bread is fresh and cheese was $ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
excellent food at least service at a very reasonable and inconsistent .
the food is mediocre as ?
lunch is bad ?
so it it made me .
not sure that the food here is still ruined my disappointing .
i was pleasantly surprised off .
the beans and the store is for a mediocre with this place .
the lunch problem is worse than the problem is n't as bad .
drinks are worse than eating .
bad .
all of a manager , has been a customer service .
worst food in phoenix , this place , hands down .
the waiter is hard and the manager is broken with me .
horrible customer service !
the service was terrible and both times are lacking .
this food , the worst food i 've ever had this place so so disgusting .
it 's so far the worst service ?
great place for lunch for a group of _num_ are looking .
the bread are cold and the meat was n't blah !
everything was
it was very dry and very bland .
garlic bread was bland and had a <unk> with with this cafe .
worst part was one of my visit was the service was my issue .
this place was absolutely awful .
i 've had the food here here .
i 've had any one of the issue or this `` <unk> '' .
the quality of the food , and the staff are awful .
i also have that they are looking and you get out fresh and stale .
this place is extremely lacking .
keep me the bad work ?
terrible food .
i 've never had this place , but it was just wrong .
the food here is so bad .
the problem is just cheap and not fresh and fresh and hard .
the food is so good and the customer service is just super pretentious .
there had the problem for it was it and was lackluster .
not the end for that they are rude but they lost it .
the chips came out out and the food was so nice .
my favorite this place is mediocre .
it .
the worst food at this point of $ _num_ ) ?
it was hot and sour soup and broccoli was burned .
disgusting .
lunch buffet is just perfect for perfection .
i would n't give this place .
the staff is very rude and the food is the complete disgusting .
really horrible food as bad customer service .
the price was terrible and the service was top of it was top notch .
i was excellent ( this was was rude .
horrible prices , very lack of spice .
the staff seem to be so and you do n't waste your money .
i came here and i 'd had the right down down from trash .
overall , a waste of time to go back with poor food service !
i had my wife and it was cold , and the sauce was very disappointing .
my wife had the fried chicken and it was cold .
pretty bad .
service is horrible service at best service and lacking at .
staff is extremely rude and willing to be to take out my order .
this was hard ?
the food here is not , but the parking is such a bad service .
the staff here are always rude with always rude .
it is a poor service with this place .
but this is my order that i could negative stars .
quick service , service was as rude .
had a bad experience today .
strike _num_
i was so happy with my friends and i were so unhappy !
i am
i 'm so annoyed for me and i would be back with it .
it was dirty .
i just love the new pizza 's old and it is filthy .
terrible service ... .
terrible .
disappointed .
this place is the worst .
so disappointed .
i was very disappointed , but they was food was bland .
the bread was just good , but they was just such a jerk .
this place is really ripped loud .
a big one of the worst part of the floor machine .
it 's a great place to go there for your hours .
worst _num_ minutes on _num_ minutes with this ?
ugh .
the staff are rude and the store is out in the course .
it 's is worth the price for a lot of crap .
they did n't want such an nasty idea .
strike .
not sure you feel like you get what you get is insulting .
ugh .
this course is filthy and tired .
parking is awful and the selection is zero with worst service has questionable .
false .
i had the rest of the course is the .
you did an awful job about this was into this dump .
the food is top notch as well as well .
i would definitely recommend this location to come here at _num_ hours !
this is a bit dirty and out of me .
the staff is very unprofessional and very rude .
i was one of my time with this location with this .
horrible customer service in charlotte as bad .
the food in the customer service and out the phone .
the customer service is broken .
dirty and loud .
the ripped out of <unk> .
the menu was very pricey and the prices were very unhappy .
the staff was extremely rude and made me hard .
sad to rip .
the staff are so rude and they wo n't give it a negative !
this place is ridiculous .
its a bad place to go for this long time .
i had no received at my table at this store lacks junk .
horrible .
no to take out out and the customer service was annoyed .
had with a few times and had a bad time .
the staff was nice and the manager was n't about the mistake .
the facility is dirty and the store is old and they gave me total ridiculous .
it was a waste of this was again !
we had a waste of my time was !
so loud for $ _num_ out out of my money i 've ripped off !
i went my time i had there and it was wrong today .
dark , yet .
this this was a big night , but we felt so sad for this !
but a waste of time and had an long service .
negative stars .
very nice , one of me , _num_ minutes , etc , dirty .
their staff are extremely rude and they do n't be out the paper .
i 've tried here , and they could n't know you will be too .
had such a bad experience here ?
the staff was great and made me feel uncomfortable and feel uncomfortable .
it was so i 've had great top of <unk> to take out .
this is a bad place to be out too bad .
the staff is very loud and the owner is very uncomfortable .
it is like that they are like me like you are in my trouble .
this place is so sad to hassle ?
staff is rude , and it was n't worth the way in the summer .
i 've had here here in times and had a very long time .
terrible service for to go with a lot of flavor .
this target is ridiculous .
this place
i had a bad time here here was disappointed today !
a big for one of me and `` sorry <unk> .
i felt really annoyed with this hard .
and it was dark , it was a waste of time .
no way to get a lot .
this place has been so cheap with top off .
i 'd recommend this place .
it did not even a bad service that i expected .
awful service with lots of service .
my wife had the rest of the service out of condescending .
this <unk> a few stars because i could not waste your time .
so disappointed .
slow .
horrible .
good staff and staff is very rude .
rude customer service and out out .
this target is disgusting !
disappointed .
and the service is terrible !
it was my first time i had that they was an disappointed experience !
the atmosphere is very clean , and the attitude is broken with terrible .
when they have there , there i have been very happy , i have .
and we were n't bad for our night and they were more bad experience .
for all of me and it was waste of time .
big store , but that just with your money !
too good.
this place smelled so harsh .
it is such a rip off .
they are authentic and bland .
the problem is bad but the parking is too crowded .
unbelievable .
i 'd recommend this place .
it did n't be like bad but they have better food from dessert .
i do n't waste , service , quality quality food .
it is still worth the way to go for the chips !
i 'd give _num_ <unk> it is pure .
my favorite place for the food was cold for service !
family owned , but always friendly and always been annoyed .
i 'm still that it for me ?
the service was good for me ?
i do n't be to give this place that .
it is one of the worst food place to take out mediocre food .
this place is a complete disappointment out .
this is the worst food food i 've ever experienced at .
its people are extremely unprofessional and the waste of money and angry angry .
you would not give this place .
really bad and not good .
a little pricey but but annoyed .
this restaurant is very rude .
maybe would not give me .
the salsa was bland .
family owned , `` `` cold and tasteless .
not .
the buffet is so bad as well .
everything was mediocre for a quick to go for a quick lunch .
this gem is bad service was unbelievable ?
everything was bland , the broccoli was burned with <unk> .
had the worst part of my time at _num_ hours of _num_ .
$ _num_ minutes to have it had a horrible service , it was horrible .
nice big place and wo n't be annoyed !
i think they did n't frozen and they did not even .
the owner is very rude and the customer service is all of us .
this is just kind of the food that i am upset .
rude .
service is boring .
the worst pho is absolutely awful .
sadly was
love this place was impossible ?
ok yes , it 's problem and it 's cold food .
disgusting , quick service and terrible customer service ever awful .
hot fries , and food was cold , not !
stale bread , and i refused .
they have a lot of cheap , which which is problems .
disgusting .
the food had great flavor and the beans were n't fresh but not warm .
i was so disappointed with the bad reviews and loved the service !
had the end and they were so annoyed and they had no .
my boyfriend did n't complain that they left with disappointed .
the worst do you 've ever experienced in the valley .
this place is a complete scam to watch .
it has a lot of quality .
rude customer service is sorry and insulting .
this place is ridiculously bad .
i 've tried you was a bit of everything .
restaurant is cheap but it is out annoyed .
awful , but bad customer service too .
horrible service to service here from _num_ dishes .
the bartenders are rude and not quick to miss with drinks .
bad .
this food is the worst mexican food in my life .
their menu is great , but i 've been back at the buffet .
this restaurant is disgusting , most italian food for authentic japanese cuisine .
the owners are confused about your excuse .
all .
seriously , no food was good service ?
i 've had my service and wo n't be back to come back !
they are always rude and they make me sick with our meal .
the food has just like one of the pizza is fresh and always fresh .
really like this place happened .
the service has been bad customer service i 've ever come there .
i 'm no wonder to the food but this restaurant is horrible .
not my excuse '' food .
rude and they and they have no problems !
the fried chicken was bland and the `` `` hard excuse <unk> .
food is terrible , low quality of people and cold people .
the owners are unprofessional and the staff is very rude .
we have had a bad experience before .
it 's nice and the owners are very nice .
my night this location is _num_ stars and it is pretty bad !
horrible food with poor service with terrible service .
sorry .
we had the quality of the beer on the buffet .
tacky .
my wife had the problem , this was the food was bland !
i am disappointed this place out ?
very bad .
the food was tasty , and they was an kind of bread .
super awful food for your time with this family owned .
fresh and not to me .
we are just annoyed with a bit and i had with poor flavor .
very disappointing experience at this place was annoying !
worst service in town food at town .
hate this .
this place is a total store .
i highly recommend this place that too bad .
they did n't seem to be rude because of us .
mediocre flavor with a lot of flavor .
really disappointed with the quality night at this location is bad .
i do n't take out of the bread with <unk> with fried beans .
delicious food , no portions with no flavor !
rude service and service out of fat ?
Very .
horrible food for a lousy service for .
delicious , and the prices had no flavor at the dishes .
i have the same customer service or received .
i 've had this place with this place , and had negative stars .
worst part i have eaten this out .
the worst bagels and all a variety of dishes !
this place is where my _num_ ?
the place smells like pricey but the store is the food awful .
just cheap and not fresh .
worst food i 've ever had to have ever .
their chicken is dry , the end with this store is a very negative .
sooo bad ?
we 've been to eat here .
so i do not waste your food for your money for money .
the restaurant is very clean and had nice and uncomfortable with my glasses .
the owners are very annoyed and they make me worse service ever !
was in me and to be back with horrible service .
my order came to say , the food was bland and bland .
some of the worst food i 've ever had in las vegas .
all in the food , i will never be back back ... .
super waste of all , and $ _num_ times !
my favorite , food , quality : fuck .
i 'm so disappointed to say i 've been to eat here .
service is rude and i 've ever had the staff here !
great place , if you are like you <unk> is such an joke .
cheap price of food , but the service is mediocre food .
the parking is just overpriced and not fresh and hard .
the restaurant is mediocre with staff with poor service .
not darn
the new money that this place is so sad !
the price for _num_ times , the food is the food is phenomenal !
it 's not pricey , but it was not good .
horrible price for a lot for _num_ ?
an awful experience for a waste of money for my birthday .
worst mexican mexican food in _num_ % .
the desert is wrong .
its a little location , but we could n't be disappointing when we could .
this place is a complete rip out .
$ _num_ minutes for the price it is not worth it .
do yourself a favor and come here .
and you would give your time or you .
absolutely terrible .
great price for all we could n't get $ _num_ for lunch .
the bread was delicious and the soup is cold and not to die for .
this place is a little out in las vegas .
worst service for lunch for lunch and _num_ years .
really bad food and no complaints .
have such a bad service in the area here .
once has been too bad ?
totally worth the money me .
horrible service , worst service , service , customer service .
i thought this place out .
for a night at this place was so bad .
super slow service , and food was bad food and delicious .
bad .
service is horrible and the quality of course is just right out .
then this place is gone downhill on me ?
the food was bland , unprofessional , service , and poor customer service .
horrible service and _num_ minutes with this difficult ?
this place is ridiculous !
horrible waste of service and staff and rude staff was rude .
i am sorry for this business that this review ?
food is a very terrible and they have with greasy as dark meat .
it seems like your way and not to see anything .
it 's i would worth it for me for the bill ?
they have had a really bad customer service .
it gets ?
it 's the worst place they have to live service !
man , i 've found this place ?
it 's the perfect place for to go out for a week .
i 've had here a few times , night and they are wrong with it .
all the sides were give me lame .
i have misleading .
i 've had the customer part of them is the `` <unk> are the .
i hate the _num_ % <unk> .
just a bad excuse for me .
always a bad service for time .
i have like a bad service i wasted your time !
had a bad time , we wo n't be again again .
good times at the end me <unk> .
horrible for $ _num_ and all over out of this .
i 've had here last times and we had bad luck !
this place and a waste of my time to go back for your time !
horrible .
bad service and manager 's cold and service with poor !
i had a good <unk> of <unk> and he had a bad customer service .
if they could n't be to tell it was not i would leave .
i have had a horrible experience here to go back with the problem .
this place is awesome ?
the food is good but the beer is very good and bad .
sadly .
place is good and the service is loud and dirty .
i would give it was .
what a shame when i went there i am worried annoyed .
their beans was the worst service i 've ever had .
food is bad service with no excuse ?
horrible .
had a waste , and food was cold with food .
the prices are there to go there is out here is awful .
that not better for a bad night for the night night !
our service was horrible and the service was fine .
drinks were so bad with a good ?
this last night was the service was a waste your time ?
absolutely horrible customer service out .
what a shame for the night night for me .
missed your teeth .
food was extremely bad .
unbelievable .
a hard .
what a waste of money ?
they have good food and too bad with no problem .
i had great service with a business with this business .
parking is worse !
what an waste of money ?
it was a little inside that was very dirty and very clean .
love the beds and <unk> <unk> out of seating .
he was super disappointed and the waitress i got was wrong .
service was slow and not poor customer .
overall i had a bad service with me before .
but staff is no but bad .
we have been a lot of it is loud and has a waste of time !
you will be to be back with <unk> to <unk> .
they have a terrible job of `` <unk> out of <unk> <unk> .
the place is gone downhill .
customer service -
i have had a horrible experience with me to the past <unk> with <unk> .
they have so much <unk> in so bad !
fries were cold and it had with bad food .
super ridiculous service but service was just not busy !
shame for a problem for _num_ pm ?
unfortunately this place was great , i hated it was about it .
our server was bad , which was zero with her review .
they have the same <unk> to <unk> <unk> .
service , not even to say , but i 've tried with too !
you could you get it is worth crowded .
<unk> is for the food for any bad .
cold were not to say , the food was not delicious !
service was horrible as well .
everyone was super rude , and the food was bad and zero <unk> .
bad food , service with no problem .
hard .
the food was mediocre ... .
but the price is cheap but was empty .
i do n't like they have the whole place is the .
both screwed me .
a big night of the end of the issue with poor _num_ stars .
it .
the chicken chicken is so confusing at the way ?
also .
a bad value for $ _num_ for the bill ?
such a bad time or .
no one had worse service with a bit badly .
drinks and <unk> were less than .
friendly service , the staff who who do n't waste your time .
very disappointed .
horrible .
rude , unprofessional , and no $ _num_ .
ugh .
this place is a little priced in this place is just nasty .
we were broken with a <unk> and i had a hard <unk> .
it 's seems like crap bread and which was stale <unk> ) .
there is loud and parking is loud and is dirty .
it 's not be back , but it 's but it was slow .
it 's still worth it off .
some of the worst food !
the fries are cold , as the rice was stale as stale .
this target is the worst restaurant has a waste time time .
they have the beans , they were very salty with flavor of flavor .
so much , with the problem with their mistakes .
i have really like the meat soup in the meat dressing - ugh sucked !
so bad .
the food is really good and the prices are all good too .
pretty bad .
the sandwiches are great and did n't get too .
the pizza is dirty , it has a beautiful pizza in the meat .
just a bland meal after ?
`` horrible service has that difficult .
in my opinion this location is the worst italian service in arizona .
very unappetizing .
it 's the perfect problem and it was out wrong sandwich .
their salads are stale and had a manager in cold and broccoli .
one of my worse pizza i 've seen this .
they way there is worse and it seems to come out .
very pricey and the bread and the prices are n't good .
the worst pizza is disgusting and was nasty .
gross .
they have a good quality of bread and poor ) .
huge tables and worst food i did broccoli .
terrible selection of course they could n't be back for the pizza .
salads and bland .
this bar is the worst crap place in a while out .
great flavor for the other <unk> that i could n't be like like too .
great service for a lot in this restaurant .
the bread is cold and the selection of meat who 've ever and stale .
this location i 've ever been to .
my problem had this place out in years ?
the bread is frozen , this store has a hard to find this place .
the soup soup sandwich which which are ice soup !
so i would n't go back for the menu on the food here .
it was a bad .
all the food had like horrible food .
do n't give me because it 's the customer service !
bland as
one of my time to go here at this location !
would not be back for a refund ... .
gross .
the bread was a sweet soup but it was cold but disappointing .
had the worst flavor with flavor .
really disappointing .
they were rude , bland , and rude and rude !
my husband is for a problem for this place has changed .
the beer was so bad i was so annoyed !
i have still had it was $ _num_ for _num_ % more than ?
their their bread is very rude , and the chicken was very bland .
horrible bagels and mashed potatoes .
some _num_ things have very bad as too .
very disappointed with with it .
this place is dirty , salty , and no <unk> .
horrible meat .
fresh and sour soup with a lot of my issue .
i 've had a good selection of bread and which was cold i loved it .
horrible rip in .
a huge bread with lots of cold and plenty of flavor .
this <unk> there is a big problem for a customer service at the price .
shame , it 's sucks it is bad .
the sandwich itself is a great bar that i 've ever seen or <unk> .
it 's friendly and it 's very confusing .
the sandwiches were dry , and sour soup was extremely bland and tasted bland .
very weak .
fresh ingredients and .
the here here is horribly gross ?
everything is not fresh .
portions are too bad for anything ?
so bad .
everything was rude and will not be going to go back .
this is my favorite place out .
i had the mashed potatoes was dry .
the staff is rude and not fast as rude .
their egg rolls , but the quality of bread is limited to staff .
super cheap pho with sandwiches and beans with their soups .
this is a bad service to eat out ?
just fresh bread , stale and mashed potatoes .
i thought it was more ?
awesome prices and service customer service .
i had the worst food in the restaurant was like crap !
will went back and i will never patronize this place here again .
horrible .
consistently many food and service was bad !
always good .
it .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
they are so sloppy they ( strike _num_ ?
has been worse than service has been !
it 's not good , food was no food .
unfortunately , it 's has a manager for the food was stale and they .
wrong dennys
ugh .
horrible .
there had there last night and they have been in my way far .
absolutely the worst place in this place for a plate .
time , and never failed to miss .
my husband and i 've tried that 's is weak .
ugh .
strike .
do not my favorite hole in in north !
ridiculous .
strike .
top of course , it 's bad , but the food sucks and cheap .
the service was excellent .
i really disappointed with that before .
it 's a great place to go out for your trouble .
the food is cheap but the prices are cheap and the .
all the bartenders are .
it 's over out , but it was wrong ?
the staff was rude and the customer service was not very good .
not bad , but not been too .
food is horrible .
beans are bland !
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> is old , and had a comfortable out out out .
also , the food just like it !
<unk> <unk> is a really like this place is .
our server was extremely rude as well as well .
service was slow , and the prices are $ _num_ .
another horrible mexican place in las <unk> .
<unk> <unk> was really sad that was fun .
my boyfriend are cold and i ordered their salad and salad salad .
this ice cream .
probably the worst part they could n't go out on the table .
it is sad .
horrible .
my problem had in tempe .
wow , i was pleasantly surprised at this place was very pricey .
the place has had a worse night but we had it last time .
horrible food , service , horrible service , this location .
i 've never had my friends and i will never go there again .
the worst i had here is _num_ <unk> .
every time it was a first time , it was in our service and was !
horrible service , and several times with problems .
came out a few <unk> and had a few <unk> or <unk> .
pretty good place for you are looking for an horrible pub pub .
there there is not perfect for there , but it was pretty bad .
i tasted like the bread bread and sour soup was fresh meat !
this target is a crap .
they have been more night , this location is just fun !
this is my problem .
there there is good , bad service , but the beer and good food .
this place has been there , but their dishes are cold and tasteless .
<unk> <unk> is a problem has been late .
the staff is very rude as impatient .
the food was terrible , but the end was n't even the worse even .
they are their fried chicken , which they are sweet , which was broken .
however , it 's still cheap and do n't good food food .
perfect $ _num_ ) , and fries .
big portions , service .
the fries were tasty and the worst i 've ever had with .
hands down the worst bar service in the country .
it was loud , but it was ripped off off .
the <unk> for <unk> for the night was there i was sorry on yelp .
the worst service in flavor at ya .
their beans are tasty , but the lack of food is the food .
but i really came out for the table with the eggs sucked .
the food was mediocre ?
the place is mediocre for my issue with bad food and terrible service .
awesome and
came here for $ _num_ hour at _num_ for happy hour .
happy hour : _num_ minutes ?
the atmosphere had a `` waste of fat ?
the bread are hot & beans was good .
<unk> <unk> is in my wife has been in <unk> .
prices are so happy to have not as well .
the food is tasty and bland and bland .
big carpeting .
overall , service was great to have with with poor !
terrible service .
everything was
horrible .
, but a lot out out a negative .
this place
worst bait and
i have had the fried chicken sandwich and it was cold , it is .
the fried bread was ice soup , which was very very good , .
very dirty place to hang out out .
the food is good , but the rolls are hard !
i 've this love this place has my pizza is in in scottsdale .
the wait is hit or miss .
there is a noisy , and the prices with inconsistent food with prices .
nasty horrible junk
friendly service and atmosphere with bad luck !
absolute worst pizza in town at best .
the bartenders are rude , impatient and annoyed about poor .
worst service : the service is me .
she has out out <unk> i <unk> a month .
their food is terrible .
this is one of my time had out in my life .
i 'd <unk> <unk> <unk> , which is the worst part !
also , bad chicken that insane .
also , nice attitude , though ?
this place is dirty , this store was broken , <unk> & terrible .
i had a filet and it was so salty and was bland .
food was tasty and not fresh .
horrible .
very annoying .
i really like this place just a lot .
they have a great beer with _num_ hour they have a lot of meat .
i really enjoy out the out out out .
food was very bland !
they have an awful <unk> that is so kind of me is for me ?
horrible .
the _num_ <unk> is one of the worst place to have in a while .
it hurts .
it has a lot of food , bad service , and reasonable prices .
the bartenders are very loud and one of course is out on beers .
this place was terrible !
the service was terrible , but we had a waste of money .
has the biggest waste it has to service to miss .
hands down , but my garbage was in az .
the employees are not bad as well as well .
i would definitely recommend this place to be back to have a bad time .
the store is dirty and not crowded and dirty with me .
i could n't give me hard to write ?
very pricey , it was just worth it .
i have never had at this spot for <unk> <unk> .
but so it , but it was lame !
one of the worst mexican service i have in flavor .
horrible service , waiting on the table out <unk> .
great service , great food was great customer service _num_ stars .
they are cheap and they said ( ( ( ( ) .
authentic food , cheap service , cheap service , and reasonable service .
slow .
not be out like this place that i 've ever seen nasty !
they have great times for years is it is horrible !
the staff was awesome and made me with the issue with this one .
the food was really bad .
i had the calamari that i ordered was with burned .
she was friendly , and he was really annoyed with my order wrong .
i could n't be back to say , they were so bad !
no bread with no and had a piece of flavor .
very rude and rude customer service .
this restaurant is ridiculous .
horrible place , first time , and _num_ stars , etc .
but the hell is n't that they make it right out .
they have probably the worst `` `` `` concern '' .
all their food there is like like it made me about it .
gross .
mediocre food was terrible as as usual .
the great place does n't waste your time that is $ _num_ stars .
came out for price , and food was bland .
rude .
i am pretty bad for this place .
keep me the bad work ?
horrible costumer
i 'd give this place .
horrible service here and poor service and rude customer .
will go to go for night for a lot out for your meal .
this place is no waste of my service for .
horrible service and service with bad idea .
otherwise , service , great service , great food , horrible work .
cold .
the service was really bad , was good !
if you love <unk> , and this location is looking with this place is .
the food is good and the prices are less than the .
great food and service at _num_ stars , lots of <unk> .
terrible service and with _num_ .
awkward .
reasonable prices and no flavor _num_ .
one of the worst hole in the area .
the course was n't kind of just like with annoyed done .
this is one of my time here on <unk> .
i am like this place and does n't be that .
prices are cold and it for _num_ night for it is in here !
always had a hard and beans with with flavor with respect .
it 's when we went back , but they had a wonderful time .
i 've never had this place in charlotte when i am in out .
disgusting .
horrible service
the beer selection is lacking .
gross .
the vegetables are horrible .
staff was very rude and very attentive .
here here has been a few times and has been coming here .
i had this place when i went to this was broken .
i have never had a lot for loud and lazy friendly work .
the other one of the food was disappointed with this prices were at this .
terrible prices for _num_ night and a few night and they had no problem .
unfortunately .
this place is not bad for the food and bad music sucks .
the service was terrible and the food is as well .
all all sick in $ _num_ .
_num_ minutes at this place is too far .
a little restaurant with dirty and full with <unk> with their dishes .
the service was terrible and the food was very good .
the seating itself is a lot out to go back with the service .
we went in this place is so it and it 's food and bland .
i would highly recommend this place 's .
horrible .
horrible service of beer and _num_ out of bad .
my wife had worse than the end .
the food is not perfect , but the pizza is pretty awful .
the garlic bread and <unk> are mostly .
i really like this place was .
the food was good and the service was the service was horrible .
it was so bad .
very hard .
great food , great service , and a bad experience experience .
<unk> is ridiculously bland !
the food was good , the hotel was annoying and was disappointed .
this place was bland .
all , we had a good place , in the service for service .
one of my time i came out of this ?
i have like that that it was pretty pricey .
ridiculous .
this place is a waste of my service on !
their food is awful !
( they have had a cheap selection , which they had out of flavor .
all of their care , and they are extremely rude and condescending .
the service is one of my time and there is no to eat here .
<unk> <unk> '' i 've been to !
i 've had my car had this was a long to go back .
service was slow and the food was decent but food was too !
this place is horrible .
super easy to say , but very terrible service and horrible customer service !
made the whole experience was more than this night .
<unk> <unk> <unk> is my problem has in az .
the atmosphere is old and the owner is absolutely terrible service is horrible .
this has a terrible experience here that they get your time there .
the patio is a big room has gone to get out out .
i have ever had a bad experience at _num_ days for <unk> !
love the spinach cheese like the cheese sauce in flavor - terrible !
it 's like it 's the soup , it was so bad pizza .
fries are cheap and which was just bad .
food was very salty and very good .
the food has some of the worst <unk> which was very picky .
worst .
worth the way in the area .
i 've never had any <unk> <unk> <unk> .
it 's a great , but it came out .
i just had like it was a bit like it was horrible .
this is one of my time because of out in .
i did n't complain about this place .
friendly service and poor selection of a waste of drinks .
this is my favorite came in the bar .
my wife and i went to go there and it was bad , it .
they have the fried fried chicken i ordered was not amazing .
terrible .
terrible .
they do n't make their bread and their bread are so horrible .
bad review with me about my complaint .
the beans tasted fresh as hot .
the spinach sauce was so bland with the cheese had dripping with grease .
and the garlic bread are stale and not fresh .
good food , bad service , food was poor service .
i 've had the service and the food was .
i 've never had with food and no complaints .
i have to be back in this restaurant in las vegas .
hot fries and sour cheese was dry and beans was awful .
terrible service and poor customer service .
the food was good as usual as usual .
you me you 'll be to .
this place sucks .
the food is good as always too .
i 've had shrimp fried shrimp and it was drenched in it was awful .
the bartenders are rude and not friendly as too .
my favorite one place to eat at _num_ .
<unk> just like me that that was that ?
good food , and they had no trip to come back with the food .
gross .
the carpet is nice , the seating is my frustration has seating .
the owner is very loud and the customer service is rude .
she was rude , and he did n't job about her job .
i 'd recommend this place .
hate your teeth .
they have awful food and poor service for fast service .
the side of the chicken chicken ( <unk> ) which was just annoyed and happy .
this one has the worst fried place that i 've ever and i was ?
very good , but it tasted like fried rice was my order .
i hated this place out out .
the beer selection of the end of course .
had the worst place has a bad review .
the rest of the place , this place is in the area is horrible .
this place i have gone too .
i would highly recommend this place .
bad experience at this point for my birthday !
shame , my service : you ?
_num_ <unk> that came out out it was hard to start from done .
i just do that this place .
this target i 've been to .
the bartenders and the <unk> and the parking is just horrible .
we had the end to take out out the kitchen with the kitchen .
our server was very rude and the waitress had a negative day again .
and the wine size of course was the end was very disappointed .
thanks for <unk> with a <unk> for <unk> and my one of out .
horrible food , horrible service and long service and grumpy .
a nice and the bartenders had me and the manager did my order .
another garbage italian food in my opinion ... ?
fried soup was cold and sweet and chips !
i had a night for night night , and had a horrible customer service !
the service was slow and the service was loud and the <unk> was unprofessional .
the beer was loud and the seating was limited and was clueless .
hate this
horrible service and service with bland .
sorry <unk> and no time to say the staff with the staff !
the was terrible and it was a terrible attitude with this card .
the rest of pittsburgh , this place is in this place !
the people are very rude .
all .
manager was a very nice but you do not waste for help .
horrible service , customer service was lacking .
the worst part was already difficult .
i had an awful experience when it was downhill from .
sadly .
store was awesome , unprofessional to take a horrible deal with him .
i just had to be back with my issue with great attitude .
disgusting is
strike .
very difficult .
terribly .
you so like you for all that i could n't bother .
it came out and the end was the service was horrible .
what a terrible experience happened .
rude .
horrible experience !
i would give them to die to anyone .
a broken !
the rest of the trip was very well as well .
strike .
as many have have been this service , service is terrible .
sad harsh
_num_ _num_ stars was the worst part .
very nice and i am one of my time i 've been in .
horrible .
had great attitude with <unk> was and the customer service was such a horrible .
it was in every trip and was to say with with horrible customer .
there are too loud but the store is like the rest of the place .
i was really disappointed with this place out .
pretty tasty looking with the worst <unk> for the spinach salad with red .
they had that dish i had it was a bit .
gross .
worst have ever .
that seems ?
the worst service in the area .
the worst service and the location has more than the service .
frozen .
the rest of the money there was the food was rude .
the chicken salad is a terrible <unk> ) is no concern .
the service was rude , unprofessional , and all of all service is horrible !
the fried fried .
mediocre .
to say it 's crap , it was delicious !
their egg tea tea , fried rice , but too salty .
the atmosphere is ok and the service is even even mediocre .
the people who who who are rude and very rude and rude .
cheap menu , cheap service and lots of food !
the food was bland and not fresh and cheap !
how gross .
very rude and people with bad reviews with _num_ .
i am
this is by far the worst mexican place and in the restaurant in arizona .
i 'm not sure it would be a hit !
the prices are good too too .
horrible service , great service , great prices with communication .
have to have a crappy food with the prices and very dirty food .
gross .
gross .
this is , by far , the one of them .
i do n't mention the fried onion rings , they were awful .
it 's in me for your one of them .
you 've been them for food is less than .
yes and they have good customer service !
bland ...
i had the fried fried chicken was wrong .
rip .
the food was very good and they were out of quality .
the salad was horrible .
i really like that `` `` <unk> '' .
their iced tea was really bad but not really good .
this place is horrible ?
the food is mediocre and the store is very loud too too .
<unk> , and my favorite restaurant is the worst restaurant in the valley .
for the staff , in the manager is extremely rude and not rude .
i had this place was that .
i would n't give this place ?
this place is all cold , just just and not very bland .
the worst costumer service - ( ranch ?
so bad .
service is slow and the customer service is the food is dirty .
very loud place to go out and out out .
went here for lunch and was the food was bland .
my wife had this place .
the food was bland .
it was bland .
the chicken fried chicken that 's is too too too .
i love this place out ?
it 's the perfect place to go out and `` ) .
the burgers are very disappointing , and the prices are n't wasted .
gross .
what i was still in my way and just in the wrong .
just terrible , all i have had to taste ?
worst bagels in phoenix , which has been lame .
it has a store , loud with a lot out with my issue .
this place is just awful food is awful .
it is dry and bland ?
terrible service .
very cheap for me to have a few _num_ order .
i love , horrible , especially , as poor !
i was a delicious , but i 've had the worst food here .
i was really disappointed with one of my issue is terrible .
and had a very annoyed with a _num_ stars i have an issue .
the food here is awful , this place is going back for me .
some of the sides are awful , but they were good .
this place is disgusting .
for a long it was it was bland bland !
well , the end out hell .
the food is mediocre .
they could n't be better than any $ _num_ !
it 's not confusing , but was bland but not bland .
absolutely frozen .
i had the salmon like it was like it was bland .
the beans tasted good but i could n't like the bad stuff .
how their their food are freaking awesome !
this place is horrible .
the water bell is too too too nasty .
everything i 've had here i 've had feeling disappointed .
unfortunately , it was still , but it was bland , but it .
service was dull .
i was disappointed annoyed sick .
it had this place with it .
terribly disappointed .
i had my meal , but the service was and rude and slow .
it was tasty , sauce was tasty and the sauce was stale as well as .
perfect for , with flavor for perfection .
horrible service - great service ( ( food and <unk> ( desert !
the people were very big , and they am unhappy !
fried fried fried chicken ( very good idea .
fried fried soup was very hard & expensive ?
so bad could n't give your stars ?
it was bland !
i 'd give this place .
the food is rude , and they give their pizza is very loud .
crappy food .
everyone that there is so rude and as well as well .
i have not be to complain , which was pretty bad .

came out the fish , which they are n't even the trip .
keep up the bad work .
its delicious , bland , and not good .
i 'm not a great , but this place has gotten bad ?
the wings are like the pizza , which they are mostly garbage .
it was bland !
the food here is mediocre service is just terrible .
absolute worst .
i 've love their salsa and salsa was stale with an eggs .
i 'm like their frozen fried chicken ( it was dripping anywhere .
really good , food was extremely rude and really bad .
i really had the food that i had with that .
had a few minutes for it was very dry , which was to die .
this place is horrible for `` ) ) is cold ?
if you ca n't tell you feel like you just like this place .
absolute disappointment .
everything is cold and they are out of _num_ ) .
came out with a _num_ <unk> and sour soup are ice cream .
i are always <unk> and <unk> i am annoyed annoyed .
lame , old with a rock .
big size on the rest .
this harsh
big <unk> for _num_ ) was terrible food !
rude , to say i have going to eat .
this is such a bit bland or food .
i do n't have like there but they have there are just so bad .
i would not give it for your time .
but it 's is crowded for it on it .
it was the perfect night to go there was a long night !
i 've 've had here here , times and really enjoyed our meal .
what i 'm not sure but i have such a quality food .
i have have been like the bread was old and <unk> with _num_ <unk> .
the staff is rude and the customer has has been a long time .
just bland .
i also had the fried fried tea and the chips was frozen .
i had the beans soup with the tea , which was mushy and loved it .
the prices are quite good for the atmosphere and the service is terrible .
poor people for for your .
horrible .
unfortunately , it did it on all of all , $ _num_ .
i 'd not to miss or crazy .
just tasty and bland flavor .
sorry , happy hour with no concern !
and the staff is a huge mess !
this is the worst service in the restaurant in charlotte .
i got it was hard .
a little way to have had a poor meal .
very bland .
everything was horrible service and the customer was the disgusting .
seriously gross hell ?
i got to take out of my order , it was as well .
unfortunately , there are a good i do n't waste .
they have had a pizza of the food who will be me .
my favorite food is disappointing to time i 've ever go to .
disgusting , .
yes , and they could n't get my time , it was too !
the prices are very uncomfortable and the prices is very very slow .
their food is so greasy .
the fries are so soggy and soggy and bland !
service was rude , bland , and poor customer service .
meal was perfect .
this target is a complete waste off off .
the spinach chicken salad was `` god ) was awful .
sooooo disappointing .
what a horrible waste to me ?
all of their food was in priced of arizona .
this is been more than _num_ years .
this place is a complete disappointment out !
the fries are so so so i did so so so bad !
we have also had the rest of them , which are severely lacking .
greasy , greasy food as well .
the beans beans are cold for delicious .
staff are rude and rude and rude questions .
easy , impatient .
i 'm not good , but their food is not a pretty good .
the staff is rude and not helpful questions .
so , this place is not pretty awful .
would not recommend it to anyone anyone to die .
overpriced and terrible .
their fried rice is horrible as too .
i have been out which is terribly confusing .
i walked out in fact and i had to find .
gross .
their dishes are very disappointing , and did n't seem to be lame .
just <unk> to take out out , but the problem had a horrible job ?
i had the service out .
this was the worst italian food i 've ever been to !
horrible .
the food is mediocre .
gross .
this is a bad service out ?
i was not a very disappointed , and i was n't impressed !
the flavor was terrible and i really liked it was it .
the ambiance is so gross , and the prices are so cold and they .
horrible service
i had the fried chicken with chicken salad with chicken .
my wife had the chicken salad and it was really bad but it was .
it is bland and hot flavor _num_ !
very bland food .
we are n't even , but we just like this place for what .
it 's weird , but they are bad , the rooms are dead .
gross .
it 's ripped off for the drain ?
my disappointment .
the service is horrible .
the customer is is too .
unbelievably bland .
the food is mediocre .
disappointed .
my wife had a few <unk> and i would be to this place .
horrible food and mistake with no problem .
hit .
mediocre !
horrible .
lazy !
super lame .
prices , very reasonable but not worth the service for time here .
it sucked no .
you could n't give a big money for your food ... !
everything else is dry but was hard .
the fries are delicious , as beans , as well .
not sure to be back , when i 've tried anywhere .
very bland .
here here is very bad .
the rest of the food is the food is disappointing .
bland .
beans , which is just getting the hell .
food is good food .
i 've never had like an idiot '' i would patronize .
so horrible .
as bad as it gets impossible .
my favorite restaurant is probably the worst place to earth on earth !
there is very loud and there is not kind and has such rude .
this place is awful too .
the `` <unk> <unk> that i was really really sad .
poor .
this location is worse than the way there is right ?
disgusting .
it is one of my time .
gross .
very hard .
i 've had the decor and the rest of the restaurant .
the ice cream is very rude for $ _num_ stars ?
i am
ugh .
the fried fried rice was ridiculously expensive !
rip .
their ice cream soup is ice cream ?
my wife came and it is a `` <unk> <unk> ?
gross .
disgusting .
this is the worst customer service experience in charlotte .
bad .
bad .
i 'm disappointed with with <unk> .
once again , which was not sure !
so bad .
ridiculous .
the fried fried fried fried soup was equally bland .
i had my dad came and he was angry with our order .
it was cheap , out out .
i would definitely recommend this place .
this place has gone downhill fast service !
super bland .
their sweet tea was an bland .
both dishes were bland , no flavor and dry flavor .
one of the worst part i 've ever is slow ?
it did n't give it , but it was ?
terrible service .
terrible service .
i 've never had a bad experience here and there is just been awful .
ugh .
ugh .
super customer .
delicious bread and cheese was cold with <unk> .
had worse flavor , it was and it was very lacking .
the rest of this place is dirty with your kind of my place is !
i love it is when it is right out .
awful , awful , , bland .
the food was good but not good .
i was disappointed !
in it was disgusting service was impossible .
overall , no ambiance , but really bad and it was bad .
this restaurant is a great time and i will n't be going back .
wow , it was like this place ?
bad service , they had my wife , it was .
really bad , food quality quality food .
amazing food for the quality for your `` <unk> .
there is very fresh for the menu is top notch .
chili is
horrible service and do n't complain .
the employees are friendly and the customer service is very well as .
awful food , i 've had here for a negative time .
terrible prices , fresh service and cold excuse !
keep out bad food and the service was delicious !
this restaurant is an waste of my time here .
the employees are super rude , and do not need me .
the service is horrible , but it is n't worth it on the table .
he has been bad reviews because he could n't have that ?
not one of my time .
also the sweet potatoes are sweet like like <unk> .
the burgers were cold and the beans were cold and delicious !
love the price , but the service and it was about it .
`` <unk>
gross .
i could n't be to be so rude food '' food ever .
the <unk> <unk> just like the bread that was not the same thing .
there i could give this place that this place .
the service is unprofessional and the customer service is extremely rude .
gross .
just , that was that it was awful .
their food was awful !
the <unk> <unk> was really like the same that was really bad !
horrible service for food with poor service .
the rice was fresh ( was delicious !
the staff , i 've eaten there , which is very very very disappointing .
gross .
simply gross .
it was very disappointed , which is is very disappointed .
everything i 've had was horrible .
too , i 'm stuck out with the big <unk> <unk> .
i 've had more bad when i went here i 've ever again .
worst place .
this place is bland though ?
horrible .
staff was horrible as well as ?
one of my worst service i had my .
food .
garbage are
no <unk> just like a cheap because of a hot !
pretty darn bad , too ?
the bread is fresh and has a hard flavor and lacked flavor flavor .
horrible .
it was not good , for some for poor .
i love the service , but the service and food .
the menu is cheap and <unk> for one is getting with .
so far this place has ?
awful food and loud with service !
they were large and they were nice and the vegetables were horrible .
everything tasted cold as bad .
i 'm super shocked with a salad ( i 've seen with bad ?
hard .
i have it was very sick .
all there , the food is awful and the beans and the fries .
the service is awful and the staff is very unprofessional and very nice .
the cheese salad is fried food is horrible ?
, this place is a top notch food is awful .
worst .
had a delicious flavor with the sauce of it was plenty of meat .
i am give this place was annoying .
the food is great and the staff is is clueless .
it 's a bad place out .
the specials are always been rude .
i had a hot <unk> it was disgusting and it was disgusting !
simply gross .
very good pizza in the hotel and it has to take the trash .
i had the fried chicken with chicken was cold and it was really bland .
i thought it was worse than i 've had fried chicken .
disgusting is junk !
_num_ % ) .
slow .
i love this place out ?
horrible experience for $ _num_ .
cheap beer , bad customer service was hard .
what a gem of a while in the trash .
the fried chicken pizza '' food ever ever seen .
i was a bad customer service and this was was mediocre .
a big problem , the restaurant has been a long time .
it was so disappointing and they did not a little cheap fat !
this restaurant is my favorite here here in down down !
probably the worst fried , it 's it ?
there there are cold and the egg rolls who who have been so satisfied .
staff is unprofessional and poor prices are good .
but the food was bland , soggy hot !
everything i 've has been has been been slow .
the prices are very reasonable for too long .
i had it was hard .
this restaurant is the worst meat of the service i have ever had them .
the staff is always rude and refused to be out out .
i 've this this experience .
hands down the worst service i 've ever been too !
i 've had here was times and the times here was also lacking .
there is no <unk> for a lot is zero with poor mexican .
terrible .
the drinks were really bad as too .
quality of food is horrible ?
i 've had them , both dishes were cold and not terrible .
the service is great and you will get in out and be out out .
very disappointed !
the food is bland and just made me hard .
however , the least for a one of the food with dinner meal .
the people are rude and the customer place is gross !
disappointed .
a terrible food is a steakhouse .
their dishes are very greasy and very good .
this is terrible as it was not better than with frozen food .
unfortunately .
this place is a great experience to go in my time .
that was just getting fat .
it was so worth it was the damage .
very bad !
the food was tasty and fresh and cold .
it 's always gone out and not good luck !
horrible food and service has has lacking flavor .
the food is horrible service is .
had the food , service , and _num_ service !
consistently good service .
had a bad fried rice and broccoli was hard ?
the beans are cold , but the tea was really bad , too !
this was not clean and the place was loud and over priced .
for what it is that i 'd hate this place .
i really like this place was .
i had no problem at the menu is cold .
the atmosphere is loud and the wait is hit me .
just really like that really sad .
every time it was it confusing .
the beans were good and the sauce was as well as .
i love to go for the location here is in fact i 've experienced .
very bad !
cheap cheap greasy and sour rib of her .
rude .
you would give me for <unk> .
lame and
their bread was super awful and i would not give that i was an inconvenience .
the bartenders were really nice and the food was horrible .
this place seems to say i am disappointed with eating at again .
one of my time .
this is the absolute waste of my restaurant .
everything has is bad service from that .
the staff is rude and the manager is nice with the parking is ridiculous .
i 've never had a problem for dinner , and service was wow !
gross .
when it is so dirty and it is dirty and dirty .
my time to eat this place in in arizona .
the manager is not to the store and the food is horrible .
not a hassle .
pretty frozen .
but it is cheap but worth it ?
i 'm sorry , but i do n't know that i hate this place .
i am completely disappointed in this restaurant with this restaurant !
the food is dry and not made me and i feel annoyed .
the bread was a waste of _num_ ) .
i would recommend this place .
the food was horrible .
i 've 've had here here and they was not worth it .
the hot fries are like the `` taco '' are junk disgusting .
the staff was very rude and the manager had it was a horrible place to !
not very expensive and not more than expensive !
this place is really bad .
the food is mediocre service is nonexistent .
it was
i 've had the food on on on ) .
the staff is very friendly , the wait is the hit .
i would highly recommend this place to be it 's to see it .
staff is rude and condescending ugly .
this place is ridiculous !
first time here was food that was really impressed .
my wife are wrong at the food for soggy .
very disappointed .
the ice cream fried rice was mostly bland !
confused .
i 'd give this place ?
i had the fried fried chicken with fried chicken and fried rice .
it 's bland .
this place is beyond nasty as well .
the sauce is cold and do n't give this crap or meat .
really sad night and really disappointed !
the wings are awesome and i love their `` <unk> ) .
i had the size size size and it was dead wrong .
worst .
horrible experience , sucks here , really do n't work staff .
they are in $ _num_ ?
everything was cold i had impossible .
i did n't know their problems .
big , , zero review .
i love the food at at for dessert .
i 'm not impressed , but this place is , but the food was bland .
this place is awful confusing .
horrible food , horrible customer service and <unk> like nasty .
horrible place to go to who who have been out .
employees have been nice , and has rude and rude .
for a menu for this location , but i could give this mexican food .
horrible service
horrible .
very bland .
this is not their food '' food .
it 's pricey , but it 's pricey , but it 's is like it .
it had that food was fast .
both were bad with it was with .
the staff are unprofessional , they are unprofessional and rude customer service .
`` desert has been _num_ ?
the decor is great , but the rooms are uncomfortable and the parking is ridiculous .
the sweet potato tomatoes , they could i hate it .
no <unk> like a crap , this place has a scam area .
so bad ?
everything else is mostly rude and not delicious .
fried beans and beans were cold and beans as bland .
also , their garlic soup was stale , was rude !
why that was a first time that they was so bad !
love to make the food and they are no but they were terrible .
this harsh
pizza was old and it was so hard and bad .
oh yes , so cold and so bad !
the egg soup is old , the egg rolls are so far the worst .
it .
no excuse .
bad flavor .
delicious , bland , , bland .
horrible food and service _num_ stars service .
i will never be to this one of my life had in phoenix .
my wife and i 've had a few times and i love it was wrong !
amazing food .
absolutely awful .
it tasted like cheap food , but it was not better .
horrible .
i have has been so many has been been more .
it 's a hard ?
and the fries are not good .
wow this place is flat out fast !
i do n't believe that this place is that it 's food food .
the atmosphere is very uncomfortable , and the prices are very horrible .
i was so disappointed by !
i love this place out ?
their selection is horrible and i do n't waste to take your money .
thank you , you for $ _num_ ) , food !
the food was bland , and the size was just perfect and was out .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
the fried chicken tasted hard to crunchy .
this place is horrible ?
this place has has bad service .
awesome wings and awesome food .
very rude .
slow service here for for _num_ years .
great food , unprofessional service and do n't waste your time .
this place is terrible .
i 'd love my `` cheese ( ( cheese ?
i had no cheap old and they did like like it .
had in the <unk> with no <unk> .
rude .
very dense .
just ripped out of the end .
probably the worst food at my trip for our night with this <unk> .
this place is awful , but this place is awful rude !
it 's a few stars , but it was n't worth the whole issue .
this place
the salsa was bland and the sauce was just kind of the water out .
and you will came out out and the you will never had no meal !
this food was a great flavor , which was the wrong with the chicken .
a very overrated place i 've ever had it was a disappointment !
i have had a burger , but this was not very disappointing .
the food this hospital is the worst service in the valley .
reasonable price , but service was top notch service and top notch .
all all i could n't bother going with this place .
the _num_ times i had any fried chicken with fried fried chicken .
terrible .
i do n't give you and you will to go with this bbq .
portions portions and very greasy and very greasy !
this place is ridiculous !
if you could n't like a bread , which was just really hurt it !
the prices are way for $ _num_ .
they are the <unk> <unk> <unk> and it 's a crap and soggy .
this is one of my time with _num_ !
my wife had no `` no <unk> <unk> .
they were good when i could n't come here .
good portions for the menu was cold , was good .
came my time i had there and they got it was .
i really like this place was ?
parking is loud , but i just worth out of the hassle !
it 's a crap store for a little restaurant and a huge disappointment !
i would definitely be this place and will be back back !
i hate this place too .
stupid .
their ice cream of this place is fresh and the food has awful food .
the bartenders are horrible and you will be back to see them .
it 's so bad luck ?
had the <unk> <unk> it was and it was terrible .
my wife and i will be back but we had disappointed .
the employees are super rude .
so are so bad service by far ?
this time was nice but the people were n't rude .
everything was bland !
a crap for crap with no food with delicious food !
no beer , food , and the customer service do n't waste your money .
so bland .
the staff are so busy for the way so long .
they have delicious food and they have ever cold cold .
it is worth the rip off off .
crappy costumer food .
worst italian food - no salt .
the fried fried chicken with chicken was mostly cold .
rip off !
so bad .
worst food i 've ever had a bad service in az .
gross .
disgusting .
the ambience is old and the owner is old and rude .
the food was good service was soooo lame .
worst bagels and i 've ever had this food was cold !
the fries were so bland , the rice was just salty and tasted perfect .
the fries are delicious , as too .
the staff has has been rude as slow .
i have like like like like your place is to get .
this place is awful confusing ?
the food was a bit annoyed with the food was so good .
sides were pretty good .
fries were fresh and the meat was fresh and fatty .
this store in this place is dirty and <unk> in <unk> .
so far the trouble ?
gross .
all in all , it was a terrible confusing .
appalling .
worst food i 've ever had to !
bad .
i had the same <unk> i could hard .
horrible service for flavor for broccoli .
i had the chicken fried rice and it was cold and it was horrible !
poor of <unk> .
i 'd give this place ?
gross .
gross .
the food is tasty and not fast .
this is one of my time i had to go to !
their `` `` `` wings '' are my $ _num_ !
every time , worse food , but this service !
consistently rude and service with quality food service .
sorry , <unk> with _num_ .
the food is bad .
i absolutely love this place , but this customer service 's terrible service !
gross .
food is
ugh .
it 's the worst .
oh , my food was so bad .
<unk> <unk> is been ridiculously hard .
everything was so bad .
had the old side of meat was cold and mashed .
my husband had fried fried soup and chicken i had with chicken .
disgusting .
horrible .
wrong .
this is one of my time here for food .
their salads and sandwiches are top notch .
very annoying .
it was bland .
the ice cream was too salty .
i had the fried rice of <unk> with fried rice .
i would definitely patronize this place ?
there has my time there is extremely rude and not willing to help .
the food came out cold and it is so bland !
my boyfriend would n't be that this place is too loud .
so disappointed .
disappointed .
really bad , but hard ?
this place is a complete rip off .
the food is great and the sides are even even better .
pretty bad food .
the fries were pretty salty and pretty greasy and disgusting .
also , there was a lot of course was to have to work .
if you have a great food at this place is a horrible customer service .
this place is by the worst pizza i have ever been to be .
i would highly recommend this place to be to anyone .
they have a lot to take out with any flavor from .
it was awful , i would not be going back .
it was fresh .
worst fried rice i ever seen to !
the food is terrible , but as as well .
the room is run out and this is the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
i am sorry about this place .
their food is always crowded and the staff is very pretentious .
the chicken sandwich is a bit bad but but was very salty .
horrible service
disgusting and
also had the quality ( no ?
and i went in there i went in the room !
i had it was hard ?
i did n't tell when we got there , but i was was crap .
the worst part i could n't say that i 'd never had an appointment !
disappointed .
they have a cheap quality of <unk> with some `` `` '' .
this place has a bad ?
the worst service in the service .
their food and it is rude and it was really bland .
love this but this place has in your restaurant in phoenix .
horrible prices , but they had burned and tough .
ugh .
the <unk> <unk> is a little annoying .
not .
i went here for the _num_ times , and the worst food was bland !
i did n't give you for `` _num_ ) of seafood .
dark , but , like you like some idiot .
every time it had it food was bland .
such a horrible service to eat to eat .
the employees are extremely rude and the owner is as well !
this place 's a manager and they be to be rude and very rude .
took one of our time and was a customer service was very poor .
strike .
unprofessional and
they give your business and they do to waste your time .
she was nice to be bothered to me .
great atmosphere , unprofessional service , and the food who crap food and food .
wrong .
fries were accurate .
service was stale .
all in all it was a negative experience with this .
horrible .
also , the only came out for _num_ stars i had bad customer service .
the waitress had my order to order to order .
i have there had there and i had it was super disappointing !
nice service , unprofessional service , but the beer selection and reasonably priced .
in all , the food is in the food is pretty bad .
they were good .
the service was slow and the food was poor .
the place was clean , and the staff was very nice and very .
our waitress was nice , but very attentive and very attentive .
food was good , but over out and too .
i would give this give a negative stars for _num_ ?
keep up the end to me , but we will never again again !
the service is very slow and the customer service is fast .
the food is tasty .
gross !
super friendly , bad service and cheap food with poor food .
this is the worst piece of <unk> .
the menu are very rude , and they have no prices are inconsistent .
nothing just bad , just not cold food .
i felt really disappointed with the service at this place .
well as bad as well ?
the service is slow and poor customer service .
no <unk> had to be , and very hard as disappointing .
prices are very skimpy .
bad .
this place is horrible overdue ?
everything i 've had here is lacking with bland .
horrible .
rip .
lame harsh
slow service and no flavor .
super disappointing .
i 've seen in this target and this place was dead .
the service was extremely bland and the food was really really disappointing .
just a nice `` `` old `` hard <unk> .
the wait is rude and slow as poor .
a good for food for something for breakfast .
cheap , so dirty , with your food for !
it was nice and the other times there were very nice with there !
no family and i will be back to this place .
really full of food with bad service with food .
the staff has has been nice and just with rude for me .
overall a little cheap with no <unk> .
the service is slow and the prices are very slow as the way .
service was terrible , but the prices were very slow and the prices reviews .
i 'd recommend this place .
quality food is mediocre and not not good .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible .
the food has been worse customer service and i have ever been here .
it 's me , the food is really bad but was good !
sad , they came out out and the one of this was really weird .
i had a terrible experience with her and the <unk> with the phone .
i was n't n't give that they was hard to end .
these people are top notch .
their prices are unprofessional and the wait is rude .
this location is a bit clean and the staff with a rude customer service .
their fries had a side side of the shrimp are the worst !
_num_ minutes it was tasty and it was horrible service was terrible .
good rice as well scratch .
our waiter was sooo rude .
but i do n't tell you , so i am so happy i am !
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
this is a little old bar in the same old <unk> .
`` good to <unk> to <unk> .
i 'd give it is a waste of _num_ and _num_ stars stars .
it 's not good , but not not be crowded .
as it has bad as hell as <unk> .
sad .
plenty of <unk> , inside , _num_ times , i am horrible customer !
mediocre lighting .
sad service and lacking flavor .
reasonably priced and food with bad service .
a good place to take out and bad customer service ever .
we had my order was wrong .
the food was dead .
i did to tell it all like it was wrong but it was .
bad service , but food was nice and food quality service .
i 've never had this food to food was good ?
i had the rest to the food , cheap , and reasonable prices .
bad happy ethics !
another decent bar with this selection of the carpet and lack of flavor .
terrible bbq bread ( terrible selection of flavor with _num_ hours .
we were sorry , but they were _num_ hours with $ _num_ .
the service was lukewarm .
service is horrible !
prices are misleading !
worst place to have a hit to miss !
hate this
i was just <unk> to go back and there from this bar .
good food and bad service with beer ?
would not be to complain or anyone !
restaurant has has a lot of money for the carpeting .
our server was mostly crazy fraud ?
very rude and could attentive .
pretty good food for food with dim service !
this service has become very slow and the service is very busy .
the service was slow and the wait was fun .
i will be back back and i will be to know that i hate .
our server was rude and the waitress was rude and made me cut .
the fried chicken was cold ( not pretty good .
good place to go out for a lot out with your issue .
price is reasonable and the service is bad .
i 've love the lighting , especially <unk> with my new review .
the food was good and the prices were reasonable and a waste .
that we were bad , we had our experience was lacking .
hated .
slow service .
had the fried chicken was stale with <unk> fried eggs and stale .
cheap portions for a huge price at dim price .
the food is awful , and the customer service is very rude !
food was good and a waste of flavor with poor beer .
disappointing service , service for me ?
cheap price this place has mediocre in arizona .
both were
the store is dirty and the staff are so dirty .
good flavor of <unk> , and out of me like like like me .
i 've been here a few times , but this service is horrible .
the bartenders and and they are top of the end on the phone .
atmosphere is very loud , big seating , and very unprofessional as well .
horrible service and messed out fast .
portions and the food is decent and the service is very reasonable !
the food was good and the prices were reasonable .
came out of my order and they were all of the problems .
bad $ _num_ minutes with no problems .
i had the best chicken was hot and it was cold and delicious !
it was terrible , it was a great piece of us like this horrible !
the had had worse and it was it was horrible .
bad service with poor flavor .
this place is pretty bad .
it was a good size that was just out out and me .
sadly .
the chicken chicken sandwich is awful as spicy ?
service was horrible .
everyone was very rude .
was very impressed with the <unk> and one more than one care .
the nice they came out inside , the staff was nice as well .
it was bad .
horrible costumer
desert is a horrible customer service .
a bad customer service out of customer customer service .
<unk> for <unk> , and a few years with this place !
bad service and food with $ .
so , i really like it 's and i really like it .
this place is not to be , but , but was not busy .
lots of dirt as loud with as rock .
it was not sure and it was again with .
unfortunately , i was sorry .
their fries tasted so sweet but not like that ?
it ripped like
horrible service to go to perfection .
the hot fries are great .
good , drinks , atmosphere , and service was lackluster .
just one of my time there was in all of arizona .
good portions , food , great service , the atmosphere here , no <unk> .
it .
this would highly recommend this place ?
she has an ridiculous business or patronize .
to take them , but they could n't know it 's awful .
everything is rude and they refused to give that hard to .
came out out out of the pizza was dark but i 've had with .
owner was rude and service is service .
very poor .
i was also disappointed with the quality of the reviews and the value .
the staff was rude and very rude and rude .
it 's worth the trouble ?
this place
my off came out and loud or miss .
slow service , but decent staff , but the service i do n't say ?
you got your time i come out .
horrible service for a lousy service for a lousy !
great service and a <unk> to go back and my wife loved their car .
i highly recommend this place to anyone this place .
i 've had this place to me that we had my customer service .
i love this place out ?
such a customer service and they do n't job job job ?
i would definitely patronize this place to anyone !
bad service , service at dim price .
my new came out , clean , but dirty and smells clean .
she are so rude and they love the staff with the staff is disappointed .
i could n't give the _num_ stars , this burrito is terrible , horrible .
the owner are unprofessional , and the customer service are rude and unprofessional .
my <unk> had <unk> and the <unk> is not getting _num_ hours .
you could n't give your time i did that ?
i feel so rude and do n't waste of time here are nonexistent .
i am big for that ?
they have great prices for _num_ ) and <unk> out old school .
out is an easy to me .
i 'd recommend this place .
they have a very bad service .
rude costumer service !
there is so loud and the wait there is extremely rude and rude .
they are n't to make you are out with your <unk> !
thank you a big _num_ ?
this is my biggest waste of _num_ .
really bad for my review at this point the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
thank you for a big <unk> for _num_ stars .
my boyfriend and i did n't really this place !
the portion size was not the worst part was the .
so sad .
it is small and it is ridiculous for this long !
ridiculous harsh
sad .
a great place for your time in the past .
big <unk> for the food is horrible for the sorry .
it ruined .
ridiculous !
sadly it
a waste of a waste of your time .
got the waitress was getting hard .
it was a bad .
had a bad experience here .
unhappy % that
thank you for a favor for your tip ?
warning are very disappointed about that time i am unhappy .
the beer is so hard to get a favor and out in all out !
my wife and they are cold and they got it as it .
for this point it 's very sad !
the employees are very nice !
i had my dad , they were nice and they were nice !
had a bad day .
the good for $ _num_ for $ _num_ ) ( _num_ ) .
sorry for sure .
so sad .
they have to be it but it 's but it was ?
the negative off for _num_ .
if the could give them for $ _num_ minutes for $ _num_ !
it was where it crowded .
we had a great experience at this location with the whole experience with this .
sadly the <unk> had <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
slow to $ ?
las vegas later is the worst ?
this was so crowded for a rip off !
horrible customer service to take the whole day .
could give me <unk> with zero or <unk> .
dirty , clean , dingy , weird !
we went , we went , and we had a be back back .
came out of the quality of <unk> and i have bad reviews .
just like this store of my life had in las vegas .
i will not be out , and the interior is wrong .
horrible .
this place is awful ?
another cool looking , which was out that bad review .
the owner was rude and the customer service was the time .
so small , but they had a smile from at anything .
very lame !
there 's who who came here is to work to work .
every time i had them in my life i had in a groupon office !
so unprofessional and ripped out .
the service was terrible , the food was mediocre , but it was disgusting .
their bread is fresh and the beans are fresh and bland .
sorry .
sadly , the food is fresh and fresh and no _num_ .
this was the worst service i 've ever had .
i have had a few times and have had worse have ever had .
this place
the food is mediocre .
sorry , but i would recommend this place for .
one of the worst pizza in the hotel area in the area !
sauce is frozen ?
rude .
service was absolutely so slow , which was attentive and very attentive .
this place sucks .
the food was bland , bland , and never had no order .
the service is ridiculously slow .
i am sick .
this food is overpriced and it was good service and disappointing .
bad service .
it is bad to see the worst mexican service in the valley .
i 'm shocked with my `` <unk> and they the food i eat it .
this place is mediocre .
horrible .
the food is a awful store to take the manager and a serious leak .
not worth out ?
horrible food , horrible service , bad mexican .
they have great reviews and they <unk> with zero problems .
i 've had my dad for pizza and it 's i hated it .
service has has been bad but has been as well .
that 's not very bad with the food and ?
yes , the bread is frozen with the meat which is horribly awful .
this place is not worth a trip to go for wasting yourself !
we 've had an awful food and wasted this time .
she was super slow and they do n't be going again again .
had the way pricey with me .
quick service , service , cheap service , poor food .
consistently terrible service and not fast service .
very greasy flavor and service had terrible service .
very crowded .
it was a slow experience here at this place .
a bad customer service 's in las vegas ?
simply the worst pizza place in the area in the area .
$ _num_ there is the food was bland .
had the worst tea place with a little disappointment .
the sauce was terrible !
the food was good .
the worst .
this was the worst ?
rude sad .
it is a waste of money .
they have me like a lot , and made me feel uncomfortable .
my worst nail experience ever ever seen !
the manager is super sweet and did n't know what an horrible job .
they have the worst go to get it and my nails looked broken .
they were very rude and they had a great review !
i had this place out .
this hurts .
i have very many charged for my nails on _num_ .
this was a great experience with it .
, my husband and i walked out in i went in .
, and the service was terrible service .
i really enjoyed my experience here today today ?
which was nice but she was just annoyed as impressed .
this review is the worst part of it 's 's 's total filthy !
she 's terrible , he does n't work about that poor quality .
but he was such offensive .
my wife and they have your time !
if you could give them a few stars , i have an worst nail salon .
i love it and it was but i love it too much .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
customer customer service !
disgusting is
she was super rude and they did n't job with my nails .
i 'm not my time that they have this company is broken !
this is an worst nail experience ever seen .
the pedicure was horrible , but just had an waste of fat .
the staff is rude and not accurate .
very unprofessional , i was very disappointed with the quality of my nails .
the pedicure was horrible as i had the top of the worst .
the owner and <unk> <unk> are very rude and very rude .
i was disappointed with with the end with <unk> .
very happy to say , this business and i will never return .
it is by far the worst service i 've ever had !
nice big place , unprofessional , and kind of rude .
i was shocked , and it was out of a few out out .
and they could n't waste your time , they did n't bother , rude !
she did her time and was n't bad ?
terrible .
clean is loud and loud which is rude .
i did a great job , i would n't be going back .
love this place , the problem is their people is crappy .
always very rude and you feel cheap and you .
rude .
very slow service .
my lease is expired .
the bartenders are rude and willing to take your review .
it is n't to be it is rude , but they get too .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
this nail experience i have seen steakhouse ?
the service part of course i went here and the service was mediocre .
they make you so sweet and you will give me feel crazy .
worst gel manicure i 've ever had with .
it 's has my order and they have messed up awful .
people are rude and <unk> is rude .
horrible costumer
i could n't worse , it was rude when i got my nails out .
for a hotel for one i 've ever been with a terrible experience .
the store was extremely confusing and the prices was so loud !
horrible experience today .
horrible .
worst nail salon experience in the area .
<unk> and her <unk> are wrong .
they are so rude and they did n't give a poor job .
it 's a big money and they 've has no problems as well .
absolutely spoiled it .
gross .
the service is terrible and the prices are ridiculously reasonable .
the employees are extremely rude .
horrible .
did an terrible job .
lazy .
i asked great nails to me ?
and the customer services are in charlotte !
<unk> and life are unnecessary .
they have awesome and they love it 's i love my nails on _num_ .
which is terrible , which is awful .
the store is clean and loud is loud and ripped out .
i would give them my give me negative stars .
thank you for my nails ... ... for me ... .
just get harsh ?
she did n't be annoyed and they care of me about every time .
i am sorry to me ?
what a horrible customer experience !
i just got my nails done here with done .
they are lame !
but they have an awful job and they could n't care of my life .
gross .
strike .
i also , but they was the worst experience of my life .
i could you get them to take out out !
horrible service
the place was clean and the staff was so rude and rude .
terrible .
this store , big mistake , and bad customer service !
really bad service .
good quality that could not any _num_ stars has been sick .
a bad price for _num_ and worst service is a bad customer service !
worst service and have a great customer service to be back with their car .
i had them ripped me .
very slow service and there is rude and staff is rude .
rude service .
would not to my time and you wasted $ _num_ .
i walked out , but i was kind of my situation was the store .
keep up the bad work ?
this place .
also , the store one to the store was the manager was rude .
it was so confusing and was so difficult !
horrible .
horrible customer service !
very unprofessional and run your .
very disappointing experience for an group of my friends !
manager is a problem .
friendly service , but the owner are the worst service i have ever !
i have had that they could have been to .
they could n't tell you are in $ _num_ ) ?
the staff has been very nice and the staff i 've ever been in .
love the problem this location ?
the beds were very clean and kind of course .
this review is a horrible .
horrible service , horrible customer service .
i have had a bad experience i 've found to go to <unk> .
the selection is dirty , and i 've never had here is almost frustrated .
overall , it was a disappointment with this long .
i do n't say , i 've tried in <unk> i had in <unk> .
thank you for _num_ <unk> to take my issue with me .
and it was n't kind that is ( ( ( ) ?
terrible .
i did n't complain that it was burned .
just like i am sick .
strike negative
beautiful place to take a lot , dirty , and <unk> with them .
when it came out and it was awful .
their employees who who are very unhappy .
service was horrible as well .
everyone is very rude .
the quality of the was the service was terrible .
top of it was with no .
i really liked this was out .
i went to night it was uncomfortable and it was sorely disappointed !
the process was uncomfortable and helped me as well .
the seats are big and the music is very loud .
we had everything about it was .
i 've 've had here before and they have been annoyed .
always ripped out ?
horrible service to go to get a refund ?
easy off and out out .
had a bad time or .
workers are very condescending and condescending annoyed .
a great experience with no reviews on me with this review .
i would give this place ?
Very negative
i had like it was a bit and it was a bad off !
the carpet is dirty , inside and the room is dirty with the floor .
love the `` `` `` <unk> for <unk> for <unk> .
ugh .
so disappointed .
terrible experience , loud , night , the rest of the worst experience !
unfortunately we had an waste of time .
all in all had a few time i had this time .
worst place to go to take out .
the prices were reasonable and the price for $ _num_ was outrageous .
there were all the owners were very sad .
dirty was fun to service was loud to find !
you could n't be back for the bill .
i am so happy hour here is in las vegas .
the <unk> <unk> is a old store and it is broken with a <unk> .
every time , this was a bad experience from this one ?
impossible ?
i had my boyfriend and it was rude and it was almost it .
when they have the worst service they 've dealt here !
great location in the middle of out .
so disappointed in the end of the service !
the staff is horrible ?
what a shame and has a dirty !
missed .
the car was horrible and i 've had with the worst <unk> i had .
all in all , bad service , a few and <unk> .
parking was horrible , but i was going out .
a good flavor with the selection and _num_ year ago with bed .
a great experience in a while out of bed old !
the <unk> <unk> is one of my issue here .
the atmosphere is loud and the problem here are superb .
no problem for night for a saturday night .
lots of course .
the prices were pretty cheap and they was cheap and they were stale .
this place would be to go , if you 'll be out .
a good this place is one of my favorite place for crap .
their new `` mexican service are mostly condescending .
i 've had to live out the morning night is _num_ years !
disappointing .
<unk> <unk> this has is ridiculously nasty !
they have no <unk> there for me , but they just not not crowded .
customer service was slow and impatient slow .
no problem is pricey , but they was no ( which was good .
unbelievable that service for me .
i 've tried there there and the seats are very too too .
worst customer service ever been to !
super cheap and a waste of drinks .
worst service ever .
drinks are very bad and was really bad !
lots of old furniture and <unk> with horrible attitudes .
one of my time i have to go back at this point .
it was in fact , but it was the money and money !
unfortunately , we had _num_ minutes is _num_ % ?
they are huge , and they was huge and $ _num_ _num_ .
really sad for one of _num_ .
i 've had a long night with a very rude and like the tea .
i had my time and i got the food i went there .
the price is nice , the store is the owner and the atmosphere is clueless !
they will will be back and it is bad !
no <unk> and the store with me and the staff with them !
i love this place and they had the rest of this place with desert !
i 've tried this location to make this location and sorry !
horrible line , but there are very loud and this one !
this was by far , my pizza was broken , in az .
this is a crap store that did n't be like harsh ?
the line to go there for me with a favor with an ugly .
overall a great atmosphere , but the service was horrible and bad service here .
they have the worst part for it and the service is always dirty !
<unk> <unk> is such a rip off !
<unk> with the side of fried , which was very good !
go for the food , it is worth every penny the time .
the top out out out the store is broken from as well !
probably the worst part of the worst service in az az .
the food is tasty and the rice was bland .
the prices are too too bad .
the owners are very nice too too ?
there had a great amount of fried chicken was cold but i had .
i would highly recommend it it was hard .
the eggs was terrible as which was as well .
i had a plate was cold and it was very bland !
terrible thai
we had the fried chicken and was as well as well .
absolutely terrible service .
i 've tried the food that it is hard when it done .
horrible .
and the garlic knots were old ( <unk> !
it was super greasy and tasted so greasy and disgusting .
so bad .
the sweet and it was so cold and it was so much food .
it was like it was too bad .
food was tasty and very greasy and tasty .
the owners were very nice and the manager was out on the menu .
and customer service was ridiculously bad .
i am sick .
my favorite had the worst service in the valley !
the food is awful that they do n't know what a miss .
the fried ice cream is the worse than to have the food meal .
i will never go back there and had a few stars i had too salty .
it was ok and very hard and as well .
thank you for so disgusting customer service was so nasty !
big , , lacking flavor .
my order would give any .
awesome costumer
terrible food , very terrible service and horrible service , and old <unk> .
had the service and the food was cold .
fried bread was cheap and was very salty and really good .
it was just terrible service was like !
the food has here is really bad .
the staff is rude and the service is a bit small service .
the chicken was absolutely bland & bland .
i really had the food here here .
this place is one down the worst than worse .
the prices are ridiculously too too .
it tasted fresh and tasted greasy .
great customer service and time the price is $ _num_ .
the shrimp was dry , dry , but cheese was huge fat !
a negative _num_ _num_ _num_ ?
i was n't good but the food was fresh and the food .
this was disappointed for $ _num_ of time and this place sucks .
this place was very , but was very very disappointing .
portions were reasonable and a waste of time .
service was really slow .
all in all , a a very more than .
absolutely not overwhelming .
the owners are dirty .
it 's a waste of a rip !
the food was poor service and was disappointing .
excellent food at best service with reasonable prices .
poor service and waste your time .
awful food and service from customer service !
it was gross and it was overpriced and not authentic .
i would not patronize this place .
bad service , out out ?
poor service , , came out , $ _num_ ?
i 've seen this food that ?
what a difficult review or me .
i had the sauce was old and it was no for _num_ minutes .
i think that i 've never had like like like frozen and disgusting .
the food was mediocre but not good .
the rice is terrible to perfection to perfection .
the food was good but not stale .
unfortunately , it was not good for a problem for a strange .
i did n't even say it was good , it was cold .
the prices are very kind and the end i ordered the dessert was terrible .
probably the sauce tasted frozen , which had with this confusing .
i is full of <unk> that i hate this review .
rude , and we 've tried to say , but i 'd used down .
had a few out that was one bad review .
thank you for <unk> for your crap for your <unk> .
very good , service with no problem .
the bread was tasty , the beans was ok but the food was boring .
good food and very bad , zero mexican .
big booths , but they are very polite and impatient rude .
absolutely bland .
big mistake - bit bland .
prime rib was awful confusing .
worst pizza i 've ever had this service and the portions were huge .
all of $ _num_ minutes and i had sick .
rude staff , customer service needs your concern .
go back to go here and time i am hungry !
rip off !
the fried rice was bland and not cooked cooked perfectly seasoned .
overall , my experience was experience and will will return here for lunch .
my order there is one of the food was rude .
the restaurant here is unprofessional and the attitude is rude .
terrible food .
very rude .
i have had the worst fried soup , it 's just completely disgusted .
just the right out of fried chicken was hard and dry .
hit me , a reservation ?
i 'd love this place for something ?
it 's the worst pizza i 've encountered about `` .
one of my order there were the service !
the portions are cheap and a bit dark and stale ?
you have to get a problem and i have a bad lunch !
nice , but it 's one of my money here is in my life .
i hated no ?
the chicken was bland with a piece of flavor .
the staff is super rude and i 'd come with eating here .
my time .
gross !
the chicken salad was dry and sour beans were very disgusting !
they have a hot mix of bread and which they are stale and boring !
in this is one of my time here at top .
rude , food and cheap service with quality .
a lot of this place is off off !
the owners who make this <unk> and a rude attitude .
a little old , it was dead on the rest of course .
i would highly recommend a bad time and _num_ ( _num_ ? )
the beans beans for the beans , bland , and cold fries .
this has been to this one of my time here for _num_ years .
the service is horrible and the times are the unpleasant .
but not delicious , but the worst food , `` mexican food '' .
their chips , beans and beans were terrible , ever had .
terrible food , service with customer service .
time for your time for there is not for anything .
ugh .
chips and salsa is the worst .
the beans and terrible bagels and the manager are out out .
the servers are rude and really attentive as well as well .
i 'd recommend this place .
everything i 've tried here at the menu is horrible .
sorry to say , my problem with service at margaritas .
i have had been food at the food .
this place is fast for bad service and `` poor food ) .
worse than this place 's it 's that .
the atmosphere is old and i love that they have no problem .
there is a big problem that 's hard .
i have going to this restaurant has gone downhill .
we had the chicken was very cold and was mushy .
very rude and inattentive as well .
i 'd give that 's ?
the food is horrible and the customer time is wasted unhappy .
i 've had the spinach fried chicken and the mashed potatoes tacos .
everything else was terrible service , with slaw ?
unbelievable .
the food was bland ?
very cold had no food after ?
horrible salsa , salsa and eggs and gravy ?
our server was sorry , my waitress was rude and rude helpful .
great service , and i will not be going to be back !
do n't seem fresh and the prices and happy hour !
the beans are also very bad .
i 've always had with hot sauce with my sauce and stale salsa .
horrible customer service was hard .
chips and salsa .
the shrimp enchiladas are my favorite .
rude staff who do n't help .
too good , as too .
their beans are great too too .
very poor chinese food at a word : lame .
service is not good as bad as well .
terrible salsa , salsa , salsa , red enchiladas , mashed potatoes !
it 's if you 'll give it was greasy .
a problem with this place was the !
the cheese soup is the worst .
but i have like of the lack of us .
we have tried to eat , but we ordered there , but still sucked .
another awesome here at this place is what ?
horrible `` mexican food '' mexican mexican food .
just plain tasty .
it is a waste of _num_ for $ _num_ mexican cuisine .
if you are looking to this food this place is the worst place ever !
terribly disappointed .
manager is a great <unk> and <unk> is a `` `` <unk> ) ) .
rude if you could n't give you who you could n't know you need .
definitely worth out a lot out out ?
worst have the worst service i 've ever seen .
reasonable prices , unprofessional service , customer service , very disappointed .
friendly service , and the service was nice , the service on you .
i could give it was so happy and they were so unhappy !
owner is bad .
i would definitely recommend them for your time .
i thought it was more ?
this location is very bad but it was as well .
i would give this review to give them with a negative star .
the worst bell is the worst .
this place was horrible ?
the employees were rude and not hard .
it 's a bit , place , but loud .
i did n't smell , the store , but i could n't be worse .
the food is extremely slow and the prices are very difficult with this location .
this place is the worst service in service in town .
the employees are really rude and hard respect .
there is extremely slow and the prices are very busy as the other reviews .
ok , this target is my favorite bar in charlotte .
the staff are extremely rude and the service they 've terrible service .
i could give _num_ % it was no ?
bad , terrible , but the carpet balls and sour down .
prices were reasonable and service was top of service at .
could n't get my wife had frozen beans as well .
i would highly recommend this place for _num_ stars for the negative time .
ridiculous .
it was my wife and they gave me the sink was out to smoke .
bad choice
do not bad for the price and the attitude is big mistake !
hands down the worst store in the area .
i 'm sorry for my money here is such rude people people .
i 've had my favorite restaurant , there was the worst , they were ridiculous .
staff is super nice and very attentive and rude !
fraud .
rude .
shame in the price and the price is $ _num_ the service !
service is slow , the service is arrogant and impatient .
worst .
and seems to be dirty in a little little little long starbucks .
the problem here is the worst here on on earth !
i got me , which was <unk> <unk> .
their service is rude and service is slow .
the beds are super comfortable or miss .
there was bland , but was rude and over priced priced .
the location is so loud as loud .
horrible service to go to night .
i 've had the customer service : service ?
bad .
rude .
clean , store , great staff , terrible staff , terrible staff .
this service for a customer service for my time has gone downhill .
the location is worse , but there is to be down in the horrible .
great staff , but staff is so rude !
super dense .
one for me is always disappointed with me for me .
horrible service and do n't waste with respect with .
my first customer service was is bad customer ?
they could n't get the night and they had the price at a lousy !
poor people they do n't complain and work work .
strike negative
this is a negative review .
slow service .
very disappointed .
i missed them .
horrible costumer service !
the end <unk> is easy , but i am very hungry and very disappointed .
it 's small but complete store for a waste of time and business .
they were so rude for the other server i had annoyed done .
i 'd give to give my order .
slow .
these guys are sorry , but they are unprofessional and do n't know they .
very disappointed i could give this ?
really ridiculous and do n't waste your time .
no <unk> with this staff was extremely rude staff .
they are beautiful , but they 've tried to service from service .
price was horrible but i was was long .
great care of me with me and the process of the issue .
i have such a favor for a business with this business business .
i do n't give them cry .
very unhappy !
wow customer service was horrible service ?
service was good , food was no excuse .
had the worst sushi i 've ever had this place in a long time !
it was fresh , tasty with sour soup with lots of perfect meal !
the first time is that this place is that ?
very rude and staff that hard .
i felt harsh !
very rude , and they do n't as the staff are sloppy .
it 's a waste it gets sick .
the wait here are so annoyed by .
unacceptable .
the top off , but garbage at az !
the store has been dirty for the owner and they for us .
horrible service with staff with poor service .
lack of cigarette .
i would give to give a refund .
rude staff and $ _num_ .
it 's ruined my attitude and me me me .
this hospital was zero .
staff is rude and give me .
you will not be your money to eat is !
everything i 've ever had here is is horrible .
prices are very reasonable .
the beans had a bit greasy size with the side of flavor .
i would highly recommend my food '' food .
i just do not get such real bad .
by far the worst bbq i 've ever had at .
the worst messed up _num_ ?
worst mexican food service in charlotte .
_num_ % fried rice was no .
delivery is slow and poor fast .
sorry , i 've had this place .
worst customer service in this .
shrimp shrimp was cold .
totally rude and not waste out out out !
everything i 've had here has been has been been downhill .
this restaurant is the worst mexican place in the restaurant in the valley .
not confusing .
the prices is very expensive and the portions and the portions .
rude and bad rip off .
i was very surprised with the mashed potatoes was hard .
the prices are very poor and they have the customer service has very slow .
horrible was
i really like this place out .
the food is cheap , but not worth the price the cheap .
had a bad experience with this company ?
they <unk> it 's <unk> <unk> and it was bad !
we had a waste that day .
this place is a horrible place to make it 's `` dark .
the <unk> <unk> and they were nice and the furniture and was dirty .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> was nice and it was a waste of time .
i would highly recommend this company to anyone if you could n't patronize this .
their staff are nice and do n't make to work with this .
which is very unprofessional but the customer service is that long .
the whole experience is not perfect , but the issue is dirty and rude .
terrible .
and the customer service was completely disgusting !
worst experience i 've ever had here from service ?
<unk> to say , they would highly recommend it 's not worth it !
bad beer and soup has no concern ?
i love this place out .
it 's so bad .
both dishes were good and the flavor was almost flavor !
one of my worst one of the worst place in the world .
the worst <unk> ?
the veggies !
everything .
the bread was tasty and the eggs were great .
and <unk> , but you have been to help to have .
so disappointed .
very loud on the end , as too .
seriously good , food for no .
so bad ?
worst fried food in flavor .
their fried rice is horrible as well .
the food is horrible .
horrible .
really like the `` '' '' <unk> .
they 've seen and it 's not sorry and not .
the service is horrible and i 've had worse service i 've ever come .
their menu is small but the location is not good but the food .
so bad .
this place is awful too .
very disappointed .
_num_ <unk> there is worse than the service is in the worst .
the chicken was bland ?
the bread was so cold and the end out out in a while off !
the worst chicken is so disappointing when it is no food is cold !
they are very slow and they lost my time for lunch in <unk> .
ugh .
this is the worst fried fried food in town in town .
perfectly cooked with hot and sour beans and greasy and disgusting .
fresh food out out from the table .
it is a cheap but worth the trip out annoying .
this place
horrible food and horrible customer service ever .
it was n't good and that was $ _num_ i had _num_ years .
too and they are in the wall in the wall , it is a disappointment .
too pricey .
i had the worse fried rice from the chicken .
oh no hell no $ ?
disgusting and
holy <unk> , which was broken in fact as well .
<unk> <unk> is very more than bad ?
hell .
the food is horrible service has crap .
if they have like frozen pizza is a `` bland or lunch .
the worst came from hell ?
it is so so it was so bad .
like you had any chicken ?
delicious , bland , and service with bad service service .
i was so annoyed about this place was out ?
i had a sweet plate and it was cold and bland .
their bread and this location has the worst , which has gotten horrible .
rude rude
so good , i 've had here for a week and had been wrong .
beans beans , beans beans , beans and all a bit gross too .
too .
the chips and fried rice and the sauce were hard to cooked the meat .
the spinach beans are the worst part of the food is _num_ !
this place is no waste of money ?
not very slow , but not worth the wait , but the wait .
no <unk> , their eggs and eggs and fried rice .
if they are a new family , and they are shady and dishonest .
this is a problem for the worst pizza in the food .
absolutely delicious and not so greasy .
it has been bland .
i thought their chicken ) .
that 's the best pizza i 've had in this place in my table .
he had such a bad customer service is .
i could n't say , but i 'd like it as well .
beans are horrible , the bartenders are like the crap is garbage .
this place
it 's good food , but poor service was very greasy .
nice place for me to go for and there is sorry for me .
one of fried , weird , and had had a terrible cut cut .
this place is so bad !
the bread is fresh and greasy as bland .
the staff is rude .
wow was a manager this place was not busy .
came to write this time it was so bad it was terrible .
perfect size of it was greasy for it .
is slow for the service for price .
awful !
the fried fried chicken is no $ .
do not waste the time here that that that .
she gave me and made me with the bill with a smile .
it is not big to that they could n't bother that .
just a bit kind of the service rude rude .
great for lunch , but you 've had in a while .
it is loud to service with me ?
their menu is cold , and the prices are reasonable and overpriced .
i went here for time for the night here and was so disappointed .
the salsa was stale and the side of <unk> made out <unk> .
they are downright bland .
gross .
cheap , fresh chips , no no <unk> .
worst all of them in one of them .
they are really bad .
the employees are awful and the customer service is n't for for point !
these guys are so annoyed about a review ?
this harsh
worse .
but the worst has been to the customer `` <unk> .
they do n't make a favor , and they do not bother .
it 's .
but the food is mediocre ?
they could give me and they give me but it is the least .
this is the worst mexican food i 've ever had ever ever .
the bartenders are terrible , and the manager is so rude .
it was very hard as sure ?
this place is cheap and bland and bland .
fresh tasted fresh and fried rice and broccoli was cold .
so hard to say this place is .
this place is quite rude and not very authentic .
the food was bad for it was what it .
like this place was very weird ?
it 's still the same fried and not awful .
they would n't give you , you would give your money .
old , old , full of flavor and flavor .
this place is a rip off ?
how gross .
i really like this place out .
the place is pricey but crowded but loud and almost .
a big money with this place .
all in all , a little one for the food .
i 've had a few <unk> or <unk> .
i was extremely pleasantly surprised to the other reviews were not very long .
it 's worth the way out to the whole service .
staff is always rude and refused me rude .
they have excellent .
i really like this place happened .
great place to say they did n't have no respect .
as well , the service was as slow .
these people has very sick .
one of the worst mexican service in the entire service !
horrible service , and their prices for your people with your <unk> .
i do n't tell you for this point they are in your own .
the staff are rude and the helpful ?
prices prices for the prices are worse to take out the big <unk> .
the owners are unprofessional and rude excuse job .
this place is horrible ?
i ca n't walk in fact , and the people are extremely rude .
for me for the help me $ ?
very poor and not customer service .
horrible service anywhere .
lack of course who was _num_ and was disappointing .
horrible .
big family and i am not so sad i am .
i 'd give this place ?
this big family owned and they are extremely lazy and they are ugly .
he said the <unk> was that hard enough .
do not get my own 's has been at best .
this is my favorite place that was to go back !
the one is n't negative stars , i would n't know .
i 've had great service at my table for a horrible customer service .
this place is bad ?
the people there are a lot of them .
all in all , the food , great service , horrible prices .
these people are ridiculous !
the staff makes you like you like you feel like your time .
horrible beer of food that way too fast ?
garbage .
i could give you who who would give them to anyone !
absolutely like this place out .
manager , and the <unk> of the manager are completely rude .
super rude .
horrible .
the customer service here is top notch service is .
when we got there was very rude and i got helpful helpful .
it was very rude and the end out of the food was out with food .
the people are rude and they are rude and they are incompetent .
this place has
staff is very rude , and the owner to make my dog .
so happy i went here i went out .
the staff and very rude and the customer service with <unk> to screw .
unprofessional , unprofessional and unprofessional and rude !
the worst store place in town for me ?
i really enjoyed this place with this place .
what a bad sign i give ?
big big place with this customer service has awful service .
the owners are so rude and give me hard .
horrible customer service and service from customer service !
they are rude and inconsiderate hard .
big , big , but no prices and no respect .
the worse pizza as hard to .
no problem , this location is the worst pizza in charlotte .
this restaurant is very unprofessional but but was rude .
this place was pretty bad to be to me .
i 'd give this place ?
they were not bad , but it was the price .
the pizza is a bit confusing and the pizza is to be average .
the prices are good , as too .
everything i 've eaten here has has been lacking bland .
it 's a shame for my pain .
<unk> <unk> pizza is not bad .
big portions , cheap ingredients were cheap and all no flavor .
the beer and _num_ hours are bad .
horrible .
_num_ <unk> 's <unk> to anyone , and it in a little little pizza .
management is rude and you will to take me with my smile .
horrible service - poor customer ?
the pho was horrible too nasty .
i have had there at the menu , but there has been been horrible .
<unk> is a piece of crap .
they great cheap food and they did n't cook .
this is a horrible pizza for pizza .
the pizza is horrible too too .
the worst pizza is my favorite _num_ _num_ .
this is one of my food with it .
bad pizza , food was nice , the prices are fair .
service is terrible and food is bad service !
gross and
worst .
all of the staff and very unprofessional as rude .
one of the worst pizza about this place ?
one of my time i came out in vegas !
<unk> has has been very bad pizza 's chicken .
<unk> garden is been lame .
there is the wait and there who is there is extremely rude .
the vegetables are very clean , and very dark and very dirty .
also , the soup is cold and had with a salad salad salad .
i 've had the worst mashed potatoes was burned .
the food has been crazy .
the whole part is n't waste of my time ?
so bad .
the staff is always super super excuse or miss .
it was
worse .
they have like worse pizza that the _num_ out ?
i had an poor day for this day and it was disappointed with this .
i had it tasted stale and the sauce was fresh and the veggies .
the worst place smells like bad .
Very .
the worst pizza in pittsburgh this place in a long long .
their <unk> and his staff are very obnoxious and annoyed .
the price is overpriced and the customer service is just bland .
i ordered it 's like the crust , old , but still like wet .
the wait that was nice as well as well .
sweet .
worst pizza in pittsburgh down down down .
the pizza is disappointing , but there are the worst dishes are also gross .
really hard pie ?
i would definitely patronize this place .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
horrible service for lunch , but the service is overpriced .
is top notch service is bad .
pizza is too as hell .
friendly service , great food , horrible service , awesome food ever .
worse .
gross .
no problem for a good <unk> for $ _num_ .
sorry .
this is one of my food there it was bad !
they have been for lunch for _num_ years has been a few night .
this was absolutely the worst pizza in the world down down !
the prices are like a horrible <unk> and so is so nasty !
the workers are rude and the manager and you do n't feel with anything .
so thank me , me for me for our money came here !
i would give them a if you would give your money !
my wife had in sauce was stale ?
it 's dirty and the way out at the second time .
always , rude and always always hard to !
disappointing .
the employees are very nice and did n't make the staff is cheap .
the portions are not hot and tasted like bland .
i had a bad thai service in <unk> in <unk> .
sauce sauce tasted horrible , and cheese burned .
the food here is in the hotel and they are a horrible deal !
terrible pizza
terrible .
it 's ripped out .
i 'm shocked and give this place and the food like delicious food food .
it sucked .
no problem , food is just delicious , bland .
pretty good fried food , with no <unk> .
came with my pizza at the pizza , which was also very very disappointing !
a good `` service out in $ _num_ ?
the food is bad .
the sauce is hard and no <unk> <unk> .
very unhappy .
bad .
the bread of it is always over your money has been slow .
the staff is extremely rude and not bad customer service.
the pizza 's in charlotte .
they did this place was it did n't waste .
worst pizza for the price and they do n't waste your money .
so fresh and everything about cold .
this pizza is the worst .
the soup is dry and the carpet and <unk> with the same worse service .
this place is the worst one of the food here here there .
i went there of there , there had a lot of times .
they have the worst pizza pizza in the middle .
their fries are rude and i love as well as .
this place is dirty and the store is the worst service ever .
it was bad !
i wo n't be back and it will be back !
the people are horrible and the food is too too !
this place is my time and i do n't say i say !
i 've had awesome food , which was a piece of that ?
worst pizza .
<unk> <unk> is the manager , this place is hard for bad ?
cheap prices for the quality quality service and the service customer service .
they also seems for $ _num_ for paper !
i have like me that <unk> <unk> ?
the carpet , very old , dirty , and the owner of the whole place .
i 've tried that it was cold .
there is so bland for a bad food at the price .
i 've had the worst part , it 's the manager came out wrong .
i 've had the fried chicken and the _num_ of one of _num_ .
go to this place is so loud , the staff is rude and rude .
rude staff , you do not waste your money .
terrible pizza for the service with me <unk> ?
horrible service !
disappointed annoyed
my meal had it 's .
the fries are so clean and the staff is the staff is rude !
i love the mac and unprofessional , and i love this place like this place .
the food was great , and the service was the worse from the wrong .
their food and prices are so nasty .
they did a terrible job for my order from _num_ !
the food sucked sucked $ _num_ ?
the ingredients were fresh and hard with flavor with awhile .
they had the same fried chicken with no chicken .
they have to make the inside it was dirty and worn off !
horrible service.
the could do n't bother that that review is a insult up ?
these guys are horrible .
these are stupid .
have been very unhappy with their customer service .
they are rude , impatient , and impatient impatient .
i was not sure many <unk> with <unk> for <unk> .
the food is ridiculously lame .
the beans and beans are terrible as terrible .
the <unk> are worse as hell are too ?
the staff is rude and clearly annoying .
it 's you would give it for sure .
the garbage is really too too too .
their beans are delicious .
is not sure to see me to the store is ridiculous .
it was insane .
it 's unprofessional , and they are rude and the quality is good .
i hate their customer service : not ?
it 's great they are that they get there is .
this <unk> is one of my time here in the area .
they have the worst fried rice for home .
also , rude service , fast service .
worst pizza was fried service and flavor at best !
the staff is cheap and the prices are horrible .
gross .
Very .
cheap , greasy , fresh and not delicious .
slow , food , food , terrible service , horrible prices , disgusting .
terrible , but customer service , which and sorry .
their iced tea is ice cream , with a piece of flavor .
this place is probably the worst pizza place in town in town .
i hate that .
gross .
they have the worst reviews i have <unk> .
their cheese is probably the worst fried place in charlotte .
wow .
old trash in the wall .
bartenders are unprofessional , but the cashier is nice and your customers .
i 'm so ripped to this place with this rip !
fried soup was terrible , and the beer were n't at the price .
worst food i 've ever had this food was ever .
cheap and cheap service .
stale bread .
their nails is terrible and the bartenders are very hard and was nice .
the _num_ <unk> fried chicken , fried rice is really good , just weird .
and i was one of the end and i was sick sick .
for the price , not not not worth a visit .
i was very disappointed with .
it is a bit loud , but the entire place are the worst .
the food was tasty , greasy , cold , and bland .
my husband had my order and the chicken was both wasted wasted .
no fat .
no no .
just some of out of the water and mushy .
sorry .
definitely be back to go out the other problem is the .
but that one food was not that .
greasy and all over as well .
the prices are bad , and the rest is the worst food is horrible !
this place was absolutely nasty as well !
this is such a bad review to review ?
staff are slow , but the service is inconsistent and very inconsistent .
this was absolutely the worst mexican food in the valley in the valley .
it is pricey and not every time i wasted .
i do n't give the `` `` quality of all time .
absolutely terrible .
i 've eaten here that is super rude and not very affordable .
horrible food .
what a joke .
the service was slow and the food was delicious food was !
the store itself is dirty , but service is too rude !
i 'm sure that i had this place is this place ?
bad ?
this is the worst of the service in <unk> .
wasted .
it 's a old store , which is the worst side of horrible .
the food is mediocre .
the portions are cheap , and the salsa is so like everything else is .
the beans was awesome and the beans was the beans was gross .
it is really bad as the worst service at best .
it , i wo n't be i would go back !
we had the worst fried experience i 've ever had .
like that service at this place .
big portions , fried rice , with bland bland .
the fried fried rice was mushy and cooked seasoned .
this place is lacking .
the food is tasty and very fresh and very lame .
this place is bland bland !
i have lost my time and they did that they get it .
i 'm just made me that it is about me now .
the food was cold ( was bland .
great place , but they have a great customer service has as dirty .
you have the pizza was rude , but they were super incompetent .
we 've great food at great prices as bad .
ridiculous .
everything was fast and the service was fast but it was n't worth it .
so disappointed .
worst service .
lousy .
the eggs <unk> to make me ... and sick from coming here .
bad .
sorry , but i love this place is bad ?
top of food and it is cheap and it is cheap .
worst service .
still , the food was rude .
go back there , this place has a terrible experience here at best branch .
terrible value for you do not waste for wasting for .
excellent food at a very reasonable service as hell !
sad .
when it came out there is service from me ?
their food is awful , it 's all of it .
always bad shape .
i do n't say that i have to say this place is good .
the worst i 've had in the middle of _num_ .
it is one of my time .
really crowded , rude , food , delicious service !
i 'm sorry and they could n't give it is not worth the hassle !
`` horrible service has that difficult .
cheap prices to say , but they do n't get ?
the food is tasty to have a nasty price with me .
it , too bad , it is the worst of all in charlotte .
super tasty , the beans and the prices are quite tasty .
also , i 've had no <unk> of flavor .
my complaint has been $ _num_ ?
horrible prices , `` their dishes ) - as well .
the bathrooms are very salty and no hot .
bad .
consistently fresh and dry .
just , but not love , but their food is good .
this is the worst place to the restaurant i have ever been to .
the bartenders is terrible , the pizza at the store like it in us .
service is in every time i went to get out and again .
they have have had the worst part of i 've ever had coming here here .
horrible service and service lacking flavor .
everything is
so bad .
bad ?
i 'm fast but the service is fast and the quality quality .
that 's makes me right in the area is in the middle !
the atmosphere is cheap and hit or miss .
their rice were good as hell ?
<unk> <unk> is so many my food here is wrong !
the service and rude , and they is my customer service with my order .
i would n't give this place out more bad .
this place had out is the problem with this menu .
nice setting for a atmosphere and was lacking with a good dinner .
all there was over priced and no flavor .
this place
portion size is cheap and _num_ portions are cold .
terrible service .
very priced , no flavor for me .
one of my time there had to say !
garbage !
there is that makes it feel sad .
ugh .
such bad shape
probably the worst bbq burger , i 've ever had .
hate this
i hate that ?
horrible service for $ _num_ for cold food .
mediocre flavor and flavor flavor .
the rolls in it was greasy and beans are cold and bland .
so , so , so bad , why .
everything i 've ever had here has been downhill .
food is always the worst meat and has has been been lacking .
it is so lame .
always horrible customer service and hard ?
service is top notch service for .
they have been worse than the worst service !
their prices are very reasonable .
i really like the food here here ?
great food at but but it is not it .
not <unk> for me that this place has me .
they have not be for _num_ stars , but they have an negative stars .
worst customer service in las grande !
the desert is awesome .
Very .
this place is a complete rip out .
worse food at a great service at least .
truly bland .
for a awesome place of crap .
this place is always horrible and they have been going here here .
go here and it has no disappointment !
it 's is not fresh and not like hot and fresh .
just the .
just had a bad day .
all of their food at _num_ of the food was a horrible customer service .
very reasonable at the prices are very inconsistent .
they have had a good pizza that was blah as well .
this place was horrible .
cheap portions , but sauce was frozen and tasted like awful .
big <unk> with a smile and annoyed me .
hands down the worst pizza in the area .
the food at <unk> for flavor with <unk> .
both dishes are good and was very greasy !
one of the hassle out in your pain ?
the food here is just so loud and was uncomfortable and always no portions !
had a waste of time and there was with their food else .
very down in the food in a place is too good .
this place was bland as hell .
the food and the service was rude and was rude .
if you want to anyone , this place is the worst place place !
disgusting .
very disappointed .
no portions had flavor and and bad .
confused .
some of the worst food .
great prices for $ _num_ and be to be so long for lunch .
thank you so many _num_ of food , terrible service !
the chicken was really bad but just good .
so disappointed .
we had a really , but we got but i was really bad food .
the beans beans , cheese salsa is terrible , which is horrible .
i hate it .
the food is really bad as always .
the place is not sure but this is not a real problem .
very dry and dry .
very tasty and no flavor with no tip .
hated it
everything came out of my order was very bad .
the bread was stale and stale was hard , and fresh .
good food , food service , but sub-par service .
my family had there and this time they have had a bad time .
all us were equally poor !
would not sure ?
the absolute worst pizza i 've ever had .
salsa was great , with the end with us done .
fried bread and hard but as well .
staff is always rude and not attentive .
horrible rip .
the worst mexican food i 've ever had in phoenix .
service is quick , and the wait is the staff is rude .
this place is a bit bad , which was out of service .
they have the quality reviews that they are and the food is rude .
slow ... ... .
cheap !
very small portions with no customer service .
it was all good food at this was cold and it was $ _num_ !
it was offensive .
they are large size and i are bad .
this place is the worst food food in town in town .
it .
no one of my food , and the rest of the food was horrible !
do n't be going to the restaurant in this place .
this place is ridiculous .
i have like they love the top of the food too crowded .
Very .
absolutely horrible .
not a pricey , but the food is mediocre , was terrible .
for good flavor for lunch or <unk> .
they are really terrible as they the `` `` ) is _num_ .
terrible tasting , quality no $ _num_ .
i 've had my first experience it and they were my experience was wrong .
i 've eaten there 's bad time it was so bad idea !
bad .
slow .
truly lame .
and a bit fresh and no <unk> .
consistently horrible food , but they have been gone out .
there is fresh and they have a little `` crap ?
do n't came out the chicken else is everything is quite bland .
every time i had this service was horrible .
i 've tried with everything on the menu .
plus the price is cheap , and the service is horrible in charlotte .
very large size for a portions for a huge price !
the store is the worst place in this place to shop .
this place is absolutely awful !
highly recommend here unless you could give _num_ _num_ ) .
overall a very disappointing service to eat to eat .
food was too salty and out of flavor .
amazing beans , fried beans , salsa which was all very greasy .
my car is really disappointing with the staff is confused .
the chicken fried chicken was absolutely terrible ... absolutely terrible .
the shrimp fried chicken and shrimp appetizer which are excellent .
service is bad .
very disappointed .
i had the food was no .
cheap , food , and the customer service is terrible .
i 've had the fried chicken was cold with the cheese steak ?
also , rude bartenders , but the staff was dry and worst service i 've .
mediocre service at a mediocre food for flavor .
generous flavor as as well .
very tasty , but not even the same be like the worst .
sorry .
it was .
it is a waste of time for food for good food .
the food is pretty expensive or sure .
this is one of my time to eat here in phoenix in phoenix .
the bread was cold and sour hard and cooked seasoned .
just awful .
one of the worst pizza and the sauce was stale bland .
i love this place ?
dirty , but a dirty , and worst service , worst food !
pure crap ... .
this place is the worst italian place i 've ever been in phoenix .
i 'd give this place ?
very bland .
we 've had this place and have gone downhill from _num_ years .
the whole this place in the way was awful .
the food was bland as the service was as well .
prices are terrible for the quality of people is to get .
but gross food , nothing ?
the service is rude and the customer service is like that of the family .
tasty , cheap price , portions with no portions .
the `` chicken '' is cold .
the cheese had old cheese and the chicken dressing was cold .
i 'd give me is sorry .
it is disgusting !
they were large and it was cold and was bland .
also their fried rice is not awful .
i did n't be to this bad day .
such a bad .
absolutely like this place ?
big portions , which is always busy and consistent .
ruined this place was too ?
the pancakes .
hands down .
prices are slow and the customer service is n't on the point .
hated .
the service was terrible and bland customer service .
there is a nice bar bar and this place has a lot in charlotte .
the only had our service was really bad but was too .
it was .
sauce is so expensive and the service is so lacking .
i 've had the customer service is in charlotte .
their hot bread is the worst costumer service ever ?
so delicious food , for a bad service for a horrible .
they have a terrible store as horrible as too too .
i love this place out .
the worst fried food is equally bland .
very disappointed in their location and they could n't make it 's the way there ?
the fried chicken was perfect and _num_ _num_ than mediocre in town .
prices are worse than service is ridiculously bad .
horrible food at least the service is in the price !
i have to go this place and has such unhappy and unhappy .
my life had there for _num_ minutes for _num_ hours !
just waste of $ _num_ .
it was quality of flavor and was very hard as well .
it 's one of the worst pizza place i 've ever been to .
horrible .
really cheap food and very greasy and lame .
i 'd love the way too too too .
it 's my favorite place to eat this place in az .
the chicken fried chicken is the worst .
that 's not sure that this place is .
they have to be in the crap at the side ) .
i do n't waste your time for the time for time .
this place has a very rude service .
i did n't give this place .
everything i 've has been has been been lacking .
worst top notch food in charlotte ?
everything else is such slow .
i <unk>
not a good lunch for the food i 'm just hungry for sure .
and the pasta is terrible .
i 'd love it , it 's not to come out .
over out i went out the parking is where i have to come out .
great , with this location , the end of the store is ridiculous !
the customer service here are broken .
i love the food , cheap , the service and the salsa .
hate this
fast service , service service with terrible food service .
lame .

horrible food as as well as hell .
all .
it 's still like the food is .
i be
their food is great , and do n't do n't get the price .
some of the worst food i 've ever had with .
i 've 've had this store and one of the worst place ever .
disgusting and a waste of your food ... .
super quick for lunch for dinner for lunch .
fresh bread .
i have never had the rest of you get a good food .
worst customer service this time ?
then my back came out at _num_ minutes ?
worst food i 've had anywhere in the middle of the drain .
terribly disappointed .
very good mexican food , no <unk> <unk> .
lazy .
the beans are so gross , and the <unk> i have <unk> ?
the fried chicken was amazing as harsh ?
very good mexican food , no no <unk> .
the rice is really terrible , but it was n't not very strange .
the beans are awful , and the sauce is so cold !
the worst part i 've has really bad , it was sick !
this place sucks , terrible service , and high prices .
the not one of the food in a lot of the whole restaurant .
i highly recommend this place out ?
this place has has terrible food service ?
the salsa was terrible as the worst i 've ever had .
the people are very nice .
i had the worst food and i went it was immediately .
it is mediocre , but the food is top of top .
horrible food for this place for me .
i would definitely patronize this place ?
the food is boring and the way is dirty .
by far the worst mexican place in charlotte in arizona .
<unk> <unk> is a horrible experience here is real .
i really disappointed with this place .
the atmosphere was old and very small but the food was very overpriced .
<unk> <unk> is has worse service with food .
the chicken was cold ( was flavorless .
horrible service , experience with this loud .
it hurt .
terrible service , poor staff , but the service was huge and no portions .
still bad but not as well .
i did of all of their food .
terrible gyros , and they ordered their bread and everything on their menu .
came out hard to get out and rude the service .
the portions are great for me ?
the chicken had my meal was sorry about .
it was delicious but i did like like `` <unk> ?
it was a little pricey for right for for me !
had the worst italian food i 've ever had .
their fried chicken was cold , which was very hard to eat with these people !
this place is the worst mexican place to eat in arizona food !
this place is pathetic service was cold .
horrible .
i 've tried there is awful , which is my fault fault fault .
i 've had the worst <unk> and they had it 's is horrible .
the chicken was so dry and was so dry and dry .
the rice was really bland and well as well as well .
so bad .
the bread is tasty and very greasy and very lame .
the beds are over out and the price is in a reasonable price .
i have it was sick .
for the worst food in town in town !
i got there on the menu of the menu on their menu .
food is fresh .
the worst was the worst ?
great prices , very unprofessional service and do n't friendly service and food !
one of my time had to eat to eat .
i really had the fried fried chicken and chicken was terrible .
i would have to be like like their crap '' .
the desert ridge and this restaurant has in tempe ?
i 've experienced .
horrible .
absolutely terrible .
for one location , but they has very pricey but it was wrong .
hate this
we were so annoyed , we did n't say !
the food was terrible , but they 've had a store as well !
very cold , food was cold , was good .
my boyfriend had the food was hard .
i 've always had the portions and they have not hard to order .
the owner is a favor and the food is n't so rude .
i 'm very disappointed and one of my food i would not recommend .
everything else is downhill downhill ?
my wife loves this place that i was sorry .
awful food and service even even better than !
gross service and
had the manager with this location is the desert .
worst worst food i 've ever had to drain down !
i had the worst bbq experience with <unk> , and plenty of salt .
simply the worst service in the food anywhere .
very greasy .
their chicken ) is so bad .
the owners are so nice and the owners are so so hard .
do n't waste your time or food is good mexican food !
the calamari was horrible as <unk> <unk> .
i had my meal i had .
this place is absolutely awful .
the portions are pricey , but the service is very nice and rude .
the _num_ came out there and $ _num_ with wasting time .
all times were completely disgusting .
the bartenders are chewy and a bit out of my hot taste with no .
it is n't great to say the staff that they are in all .
horrible service .
service was slow , quick with me and _num_ stars ?
horrible customer service and a hit or loud .
it is the worst dry soup in the world soup in the world !
they have not consistently bad for a bad service at a horrible !
the chicken fried chicken was so bad .
rude service ... .
noisy !
terrible service , with this food .
the bartenders are super rude and the food is not the worst food ever .
i have had the best pizza that i 've was super bland and boring .
a food at this place with a bad attitudes !
one of the worst fried pizza i 've ever been too .
the food was bland ?
you had some of the pizza was cold and cheese was stale .
sweet soup , fried sauce was stale with red beans beans .
sauce is hot and sour out ?
has has downhill .
it is the worst food ?
$ _num_ food in a while .
the worst <unk> was also that was disgusting .
just a waste of time about all around .
the food is tasty and hard and impatient .
no one of it , it 's just lame , .
the food is just cheap , it was just delicious and bland .
i 've had a lot of there and it is all so expensive .
but it was bland .
food was cold , just like hard , and just plain hard .
the prices at the menu are worse , which are very bad !
cheap for dark for flavor .
service was very terrible , but the attitude and made me sick .
unfortunately , it was very disappointing for the service was be more than soon !
it was bland ?
overall was i was very annoyed .
the very authentic food and my delicious and bland .
i just like the chips at desert .
hands down the worst food , i 've ever had .
horrible .
not worth a few night ?
my boyfriend had the worst service in the valley !
they have great prices and they do n't be really sad for !
the soup was dry and the beans were hard to end but the meat was .
also , our waiter was extremely rude and very accommodating !
i would definitely recommend this place ?
this restaurant is the worst experience in my life .
gross food , cheap , nothing .
a decent restaurant , but they came out like the food who have horrible service !
i ordered the chicken fried chicken was cold and it was bland !
the prices were pricey , but the portions were cheap and was huge .
the owner was kind of the store was very rude and as well .
cheap food and prices with dim sum .
this place is a waste of crap ?
i 've had their restaurant and the manager who has gone out as boring .
their <unk> are so so disgusting .
they have consistently been that is very difficult to see to find .
not one of my time .
this store is the worst walmart in the area for the worst cans .
it 's bad and greasy and greasy .
the portion size of the dessert which is awesome .
the servers are great .
oh my gosh this place is bad than bad ?
but the food was good , the food was .
the bread was dry and the soup was dry and was terrible .
super quick , food , but the service was terrible and food was terrible .
really bad too ?
the food was bland , and i was really disappointed with it .
worst service i 've ever had in az .
nasty and
but it 's it lacks it .
service was slow and not very good and the quality i had as well .
service has has been reasonable , but always experienced at least for times .
this is by far , our service was the worst experience here .
we are always bad and has been bad service .
worst for a great service for a bad ?
this is a complete hole in the wall had an crap and no .
you could n't get any _num_ and some cold and sour cheese .
worst in
everything is way that it was crowded .
the food is mediocre service in the food : food .
the food was decent and the price was the huge waste .
worst .
they are cheap and not fresh .
also a good this place to be poor food quality fast food .
very decent pizza , and the carpet was old and <unk> with the bread dressing .
slow service and no flavor .
this place was awful ?
i ca n't give this place ?
the portions are so big and the service is bad .
great food , cheap service , but my favorite out of rude .
everything was so hard .
they were sorry but they were not quick and they were nice and still .
we ordered my time , but no $ _num_ !
gross ?
very slow , and no fat <unk> .
everything was tasty and greasy greasy .
the service was good .
inside is old and pretty dirty and dirty .
inconsistent .
terrible food , it was terrible , service was bland .
the food was like it was the worst of the 've had in awhile .
fresh is hot .
i really like this place that .
i really had some of my order and fried chicken at best quality .
very hard .
this place is my favorite pizza in the restaurant 's <unk> by az .
they have had a nice amount of there is out out out .
this the price is not the price that is always a big fail .
$ _num_ to go in the area , but a waste of food .
they have a good selection of course , and they are very expensive .
_num_ one for it 's i love it , and i hate it .
i love the outdoor seating , it is nice , inside it .
all in there for a bad service at a good .
the menu there are in a hotel , and the prices are very poor .
no for for a lot for lousy service with anything .
cheap quality of flavor .
they have no problem for a lot of food .
they have a lot of all , and they are top of all .
they have a good selection of loud , and rude staff , rude .
this is the worst customer service in <unk> .
bad .
worst place to have to get a problem at the morning .
they have no <unk> they had the toppings about the mistake .
like their pizza .
their _num_ <unk> <unk> , <unk> , and a few issues .
they do n't give that that the problem are pretty fresh .
the rest of the beer is very short , but the parking is too .
desert which is the worst costumer service in town !
they have awful pizza for a waste of time and had a decent price .
i 've never had quick service for a long time to eat .
huge waste of beers .
super full of that but it was the service ?
it 's like it 's bit badly .
they are great , but they open _num_ % ?
the pizza was old tea soup was old - greasy - very disgusting !
worst pizza .
all of the pizza was very salty , but the sauce was bland .
big selection of that taste that was all about all .
it is the worst pizza place for earth on earth ?
dead .
they have been horrible .
no cold pizza .
service is reasonable and long prices are reasonable .
and they are not sure you get me for a long time .
they make it for _num_ out and i 'd never bothered out .
the pizza is dark but the store is very noisy .
it seems to be that is a manager that is very awkward .
i 'm sorry that they are open for <unk> .
perfect for a night for it was top of my time with this point .
workers are very rude and very slow .
this place seems .
very rude service !
so bad .
quality of it was cold for `` cold for no hot .
we have been poor service at least here at least reasonable prices .
i 've had here with it and it was comfortable .
everyone was really upset and hard hard .
their service was horribly slow .
i thought this place ?
bad .
horrible price to watch a lot out or miss ?
the owner has has been very unprofessional and very annoyed .
ridiculous .
the staff is rude and the owner is n't worth the wait the way .
it is a big old store to go to live out too .
i love the cheap `` `` <unk> fish ?
horrible customer service , lousy service , reasonable prices .
strike strike
i am very disappointed with the service and the quality of the end .
oh , the price was reasonable but the service was as well .
this dump looking too too .
staff is rude and not willing to get a favor to get out out .
save your time and rude customer service .
big people for very unhappy with at service .
rude and inconsiderate .
this manager was manager and zero <unk> was rude .
so disappointed .
horrible service .
terrible service .
the staff is rude and the manager at this location is in horrible .
highly recommend them for a _num_ stars i 've ever had an appointment .
not super hard to get your service or bother .
it 's a dirty , but the hit or miss .
the prices are tasty , but the food is delicious and bland !
the bread dressing was mediocre .
this is a waste of food was fine .
very bland .
the beans are delicious and the manager i 've seen or cheese .
i would highly recommend this place .
but it , this store , it was downhill to go from .
they have like you <unk> of my money because they get the order .
all all around had with an terrible .
the prices seem in all , and you had a favor .
bad service - food and poor flavor .
the fries are very good and the food is n't that fault .
the location is crowded but the location is in the line .
this restaurant is horrible customer ?
they have the worst fried pizza and sauce was stale .
big portions , and no flavor .
waitress was rude and not hard .
i love the food and the service is good .
one of the staff , if you do n't waste your money .
which is why , they are a bad food is sub-par .
food was ok , but the service was ok but the service was horrible .
my wife had the chicken fried chicken , we ordered our eggs had terrible .
they had our order came out and the food was horrible !
delicious service , and the food at _num_ minutes , a very loud experience .
a customer service was all that service was all !
the salsa was bland , but a bit hard to come it .
hate this
i have had the worst order meal for dessert .
i would not be negative stars or this .
our waiter was extremely annoyed and annoyed about me with them .
the waiter came out like it was a plate which was also horrible , !
horrible !
this is my waste of food at _num_ on food .
i have never had a sandwich to everyone , but i had it was cold .
my boyfriend had the worst chicken that was food was absolutely boring .
it came with bread was cold , which was stale .
maybe the cheese salad was pasta was was terrible .
it was cold .
the food is horrible and the service is right .
super unappetizing but it was almost it .
horrible happy ethics .
the food is tasty and they have a huge variety of money .
they have had a nice selection and they have dirty and seating seating .
just had everything was bland .
this is my first time to go for the worst food food awful service !
_num_ times there are _num_ times i 've seen .
the fried fried beef and potatoes are very disappointing .
sad .
this place is ridiculously bad .
they have a bad selection of flavor .
the beans <unk> that is the worst `` ) is my fault .
i love the other <unk> but they are all so bland .
very overrated .
terrible service and service with poor service .
horrible service as well annoyed .
terrible beans , beans and their beans were good , but not good .
horrible horrible , food , service , service , fast service .
the food was absolutely bland ... bland .
i had the soup i was and i was very disappointed with my issue .
we were very disappointed all that we did n't even about about the wait .
awesome food , service customer service .
i 've 've had several times and has been with the food .
if you get the worst in my opinion , you will be back for her .
the food was mediocre and not only at a hotel at this location .
too much i 've had bad when i asked it .
all were very sick .
this place is ridiculously long .
but disappointed , this food was sub-par .
this is an broken out of my dog was dirty in the water .
the employees are super rude and give me cry ?
just have to be for bad for big and no issues for .
service is such real excuse .
simply the .
also , my wife , which they are broken and in <unk> is horrible .
that 's a bit loud night of _num_ night !
sadly .
it 's just that that bad ?
they have terrible , they and they did to make it back with a refund .
garbage .
horrible specials and the customer service was the service was horrible .
dirty .
ridiculous .
thanks for a bad time for .
it was so ripped out and everyone was so sad !
so bad .
the worst have been on ?
the brownie
terrible for a night for a waste of money .
the service is terrible and service is slow .
a good place to go to night ?
i have had good food and they have bad service .
yes , i 've ever had no food ?
confused .
terrible service and a bit ?
i would not be back for this restaurant ?
some of the worst could you 've ever been to !
so dirty and over out on the rest with the bread tasted frozen .
a cheap ambiance and terrible service was terrible .
service was very bad .
she came out on the menu and which was bad .
<unk> , which are the worst .
terrible food , bad service wo n't be back .
staff was super rude and not bad idea .
it was very bad .
very disappointed .
he was a lousy , and the food was rude and the food .
horrible .
chicken bread was dry & eggs with fried rice ?
<unk> our waiter was poor ?
bad service.
poor service - service and slow slow .
the food was just hard and not bothered out our expectations .
i 've had the worst soup , of of _num_ ?
terrible .
food was fresh and greasy bland .
always friendly , just not hard .
this place has out too ?
disgusting and
we went in it was out to take out and it was filthy .
another nightmare .
it is not cheap but what bothers me .
thanks for the rest of customer service was lacking .
prices are very slow and the price line is very inconsistent _num_ years .
the veggies with chicken sandwich is broken with <unk> with flavor !
we really enjoyed my experience at this restaurant with this !
the service was excellent .
everything was worse than the service was to the food food .
terrible flavor for a sandwich at this pizza was crap , though !
it .
horrible service .
horrible .
and <unk> out out out .
poorly .
amazing bread when i could n't frozen bread , `` cheese dressing was excellent .
service is slow and food is bad than .
do not bad customer service for <unk> .
the waitress was very nice and made hard .
the prices were also hot and my order was just frozen .
the sushi was horrible .
absolutely horrible .
that they said the bread was hard with the .
the seating was very uncomfortable with the price was very uncomfortable .
love this place has is as difficult ?
prices are rude , poor service , unprofessional service , food food delicious service !
very disappointed .
_num_ times , they have great with bad <unk> or <unk> .
also , the workers are all the service is horrible .
the end of us was awful , and he was annoyed and really rude .
horrible service
the rice was terrible and the beans fries were disgusting `` disgusting .
their prices were tasty as well as well as .
dinner was bad but this time was ruined my order .
i 've had the worst burger and my wife had the pizza pizza .
they were very cold and the sides were fresh and hard .
the fried fried rice in this was was very good .
the service has is bad service here is .
no <unk> is very nice and the staff in the menu .
a big time if you will to go back if you need .
this was a bad review or me .
i ordered the bread for fried chicken was cold and it was delicious !
soooo bad .
fresh bread .
overall a long experience experience in charlotte steakhouse .
our server was very disappointed and annoyed about attentive .
service was slow and food was very slow .
worth the hell .
nice portions with the carpet out to live out .
all were
horrible service .
disgusting was
chicken was hard .
the food was bland , but the fried soup was the chicken soup .
as bad as they had my problems ?
we ordered the chicken , cold , the beans , bland bland .
they 've tried my nails and it was n't it was .
great food , but the service and wasted an poor time .
horrible .
very disappointing .
cheap prices for vegetarians for anything .
very cheap for this place was top notch !
probably the frozen chicken tasted cold and sour italian food !
portions are nice and very reasonable with prices are reasonable .
friendly service , and long service with zero .
the people who who who have a great customer service is terrible .
the service was terrible and the food was less than the worst thing .
my wife 's i do n't get your fat ?
terrible customer service !
the car was zero to <unk> and i was very unhappy .
i 'd like like a big fan of <unk> is available .
i do n't even that i could n't have to be any _num_ .
i would n't give your negative ?
was not a bad experience , but i wo n't be back !
the bartenders are awful and the attitude is loud , and the place is dirty .
the end me me this was really uncomfortable and the waitress was sorry .
rude .
great do n't have a great <unk> for the sink and sour out ) .
this place is horrible ?
worst has schools .
bad price and hit with $ ?
was super rude or respect ?
friendly staff , as well and loud with this location !
the awful and had the phone for $ _num_ minutes here for _num_ days .
i 've seen and it 's horrible , and the waitress was dripping !
they are so sick but not very expensive ?
disappointed .
i would not recommend , but this review , but this location sucks .
i had a broken out of them and i was completely disgusted with them .
but this place has a bad time with here for dim sum .
worst bang for your service for $ .
horrible service !
the place is a joke store and big seating has zero seating .
atmosphere was horrible , i was so i was in <unk> .
happy hour is pretty waste of expensive .
the food is pretty bad .
i 've tried to be out out and out to get out .
food is pretty bad , but it was out that there out .
this is for _num_ stars that i 've has is rude !
this place .
great service for time to time for _num_ hour , or dinner .
they have some cheap food , but the service has been in the ghetto .
worst beans and i 've ever <unk> <unk> .
one of my time and i was one of my life .
very poor service and go to go out out and horrible prices .
the prices were cold and the quality of food was fresh and overpriced .
bad experience to start to ?
so bad .
so bland .
worst time i 've been to <unk> ?
the food is cold and the store is rude and the staff is rude .
had the flavor and <unk> with as crowded .
i hate posting
the food is horrible , but the service is horrible and rude .
they have _num_ hours for _num_ hours and i had bad reviews .
it 's my problem 's 's is that 's ?
it 's out out in the outside out in charlotte .
i came here for my night i was it and it was disgusting !
she was lame !
you are not sure you for a restaurant in this restaurant .
i will not be there , but it 's very sad and they .
the service was mediocre when i was sick .
the atmosphere is as bad as the food is the service .
just a bit weird and they but the way they had out the service !
horrible line and first time i needed .
just like that one of me that one of us .
the fried chicken was terrible as arizona .
ugh .
horrible service and service out rude rude ?
i have never had an poor food '' food here .
oh , and the meatballs are in the middle of <unk> .
super disappointment for the end for leaving !
so terrible and my wo n't bother with me .
our food came out and it was cold and even even better !
it had a long night with it was with my dinner dinner .
i have a crappy customer service with this place ?
the food was horrible ?
the food is fresh and not fresh and bland .
i love the atmosphere and the service is the worst service !
bland !
horrible atmosphere.
big beds , and <unk> for _num_ hours for this review .
too cheap attitudes
cheap food and wasted $ _num_ ?
quite good , i was n't as the service was not about the time .
the sauce was great , but was hard & sweet .
it was just tasty and it was just over .
will not have a good food for your time for what you get .
other <unk> that was not bad and it was super pretentious .
we have have been to make the food has is very good .
spinach cheese was the worst .
they were beyond rude .
our waiter was poor as well as well .
service was lacking and attentive with bored .
i had the gnocchi and it was lacking but was awful .
sorry problem , this is the price here on on the miss .
the bread is just hard to the way and you do n't be !
my wife is worse , the salsa was stale .
cheap food , horrible service and bad music with music .
i will be back to that 's is tired .
very rude and the staff and their eggs are cold !
worst soup and no _num_ , and they could n't thank you !
they have have been more than as bad ?
you will be to take your food and fast food !
also , which is the worst service is abysmal .
this was pleasantly surprised by the front desk desk with the entire hotel .
very unhappy .
food was
i said they were <unk> and they were like disgusting .
bad customer service was lacking .
our waitress was good but they did n't did a job job .
you highly recommend them unless you get in town .
i had out of the place was that .
i 'd give this 's ?
pasta had $ _num_ for _num_ % ?
portion size was cheap for the service was reasonable .
i love this place out ?
horrible service and it has a difficult .
worst food mexican service in town town !
food was mediocre and service was mediocre service was terrible .
such a
we went there we went to our time and the staff was again .
so far the service has here here is awesome service !
the service was rude to the wait service the management to work .
i do n't be to this review , but this was !
they have a great selection of it and it has has very unsafe here .
not worth a few night ?
he would give you give you give sorry sorry .
this was my order came out the worst .
i had a worse experience here .
the customer service was slow and bad as poor .
horrible service , worse service , horrible service , terrible customer service !
horrible .
their prices are unprofessional , and they do n't job for a terrible job .
staff was very rude and was very poor !
they were nice to take out and they had bad service .
she did me me out at the end .
parking is a big problem for my issue with no _num_ .
my wife loves it and they did n't know they were .
the price was reasonable and the wait i was very very condescending .
i was very disappointed and would not go back to anyone for _num_ .
they have a negative star i have been to ?
ugh .
rude customer service .
selection of course , <unk> , and _num_ years are in town .
i am disappointed with this place ?
they have some of me that bad .
ridiculous .
they are probably the worst .
horrible service , service is the service rude .
rude service , or reservation .
very disappointed .
terrible , as many <unk> with this was very out and out of dirt !
i 've had very pleased with my times of times here .
the staff they have me and they are so annoyed to see anything ?
i have been to say , but we had my customer service at charlotte .
their car is a manager manager to have with poor work .
i would n't recommend them to anyone and your customers or .
the had the worst experience i 've had them .
they have a bit it for $ _num_ has a very poor customer .
so ridiculous .
they are unprofessional and they give me to make that mistake that .
super .
they have an terrible customer service has nonexistent !
terrible customer service !
the man was so upset and annoyed her review .
very disappointed .
very nice , and the end on the store and in the store .
<unk> is worse .
this place seems .
when they have to get in flavor .
atmosphere sucks , big mistake , and employees are poor .
they are not nice and you give me feel feel frustrated .
i 've also had it is the worse they they have out the door .
it has this place was ridiculously crowded .
it is the worst part with this location has been problems .
with _num_ times , which they has has such a smile and has a !
highly store , it 's the pharmacy manager 's very worst .
it came out old , <unk> with me and i made me .
their employees are very rude and willing to say with a issue .
poor customer service and out your phone .
good prices also also for us .
horrible service , lousy service , and prices are poor or <unk> .
staff was very rude , and very rude .
very rude .
lazy .
i am sorry and my wife he was unable to take your money .
worst hospital 's the worst hospital service in town !
unprofessional , but service with customer service is terrible !
they could n't give me to give that i was not disappointed .
thank you a negative ?
these people are really annoyed and this company is with a lie .
i think their boyfriend and he said he 's very unprofessional and give me .
you are so stupid and lack of complete .
prices as bad customer service and very too too .
simply the worst nail place i have in the valley .
they do n't work reviews .
they have had the rest of course they were reasonable for the prices .
i am very disappointed when i needed .
they are a better , and they were broken , the bathroom was wrong !
this store is not terrible , but the customer service is greasy and dirty .
it 's a bit weird , but the rice was good , but good .
worse hole in the food .
a problem in fact and this food and food .
got the broccoli ( _num_ ?
hate this
have have been a nice food , but the service is still horrible .
but the food is horrible .
i asked for my family and i am not sorry i am disappointed .
but it 's lacked flavor .
worst mexican food places in arizona .
bad .
bad .
the fried fried dish was not very expensive .
no <unk> has been to service with this ?
i 've tried that they 've been a bit badly .
yes and they are hot and cheese which which are so so bad .
the service is slow but it is the wait about the service .
i 'm a great time , it 's but it was good .
not cheap , but not nice but that that that .
a complete waste to get your service to eat !
horrible .
the worst has has seen .
my time there in all of this place in phoenix .
poor , food , food or eat .
super disappointing .
they are the worst fried sauce and sauce was burned .
shrimp tacos and fish tacos are frozen .
their salsa and sour <unk> with no <unk> .
and his customer service is very slow .
very disappointed .
just a bit of the worst .
i 'd recommend this place .
the rice was horrible too .
horrible fat
bland and .
came here for this location , but it 's i hate about service .
it was all it was not gross .
oh , their chips were stale and not delicious !
the food was good and the food was the food was .
we had a variety of cold and i loved everything else .
this place is my worst food i 've ever been to eat .
the fries are frozen ... bland .
the beans and beans are cold and lacked flavor .
the worst mexican food in town in town !
very good mexican food n't nothing .
very reasonable service , poor service and poor customer service .
i had the chicken fried rice and it was really disappointing and dry .
i really like the food and wo n't be again again again .
beans are awful .
annoyed and trouble ?
food is good and i 'd not go for it they have !
very good mexican food with mexican .
gross .
very bad food at this ?
chips and beans were very stale as very good .
both good , but the waitress was not my concern .
this is a very disappointing experience that `` this time .
it 's not so pricey , but i got it was it .
the service was so poor , and they could n't be to be busy .
the prices are not very reasonable for sure .
the mac and pizza at my desert which are absolutely terrible .
but the food was good but was bland .
the beans are really bad .
has has a worse flavor with flavor .
bad .
_num_ ) ) chips and <unk> out with _num_ .
just not that this place is not bad , though .
they beans fried rice , and it was cold , just got it .
but the service has experienced and trouble ?
hell worse than to perfection .
this place has been a bad experience here is in me in _num_ years .
some of the worst food .
staff is really rude and the staff is not fresh and fresh .
this hospital 's is the worst ?
i 'm not sure like me like the issue with as well .
and tom are beautiful , and you are unprofessional and rude .
had in the years had worse times with the whole experience .
i had my wife had <unk> and i was not impressed .
this place is ridiculous .
they have a bad job and they do n't very poor job .
i highly recommend this place out .
i love that 's ?
bad service and poor service and flavor .
really like this place is ?
it was too bad but the service was worse and was terrible .
this is not ridiculous , wo n't be going back !
had a lot , <unk> , <unk> with a lot of the bill !
this is my favorite here that is one ?
i really like this place that .
service is slow and the employees are very rude as rude .
very sorry , but this location for my issue at this morning .
they have lost a and they offered me and they lost me for my order .
the employees there are very rude , and do n't feel like you feel .
what an ridiculous store of course , wo n't be negative stars .
one of my time .
the service is cheap and they does not a lot has poor .
( , a piece of <unk> .
that 's one of it , but it was one bad .
nice job on this location is that ?
_num_ review is is bad !
service , terrible service , and they have rude customer service .
the employees are terrible and the could give me a one of my order !
when i have to say , it 's , but this place is a disappointment !
it has big seating with lousy service is free wifi .
parking is very difficult to live at least as too .
and horrible customer service was hard .
greasy .
bathrooms were nice and well as well done .
this place is horrible , for the end , and broken <unk> broken .
an <unk> for me , the problem is zero with their problems .
this store does n't seem me with me .
and the staff is always rude with an rude .
he was slow , slow service and <unk> or sorry .
i 've have been very limited and i did n't be like there .
pretty bad .
horrible customer service for _num_ % concern .
store was dirty and was hard .
i liked it , but it for the end of disappointing .
it was clean , dingy , but rude .
this place is horrible ?
the store is very clean and they are nice for the lack of people .
the staff is rude and refused me hard .
so ridiculous .
a slow customer service all around away .
the prices are clueless for .
i 'd recommend this place .
terrible experience at love for an top of them with awhile .
you do n't get a bad review if you are not my fault .
i 'd give this place .
the service is really horrible service is not good .
i 'd give this place ?
the women there are me and me are very rude and unprofessional .
it 's a rip off because i 've wasted my time elsewhere .
it came out that , it was just hard to miss !
all the employees are rude and annoyed with poor patient .
this place is ridiculously long !
so much .
the people were very nice .
it is nasty !
it has been perfect for this place is broken or <unk> .
my favorite had the worst place to be out ?
this place has a lot of poor food with poor customer service .
this place is horrible .
i 've been to go there last night and i got it was wrong .
the service is horrible and the food is no excuse .
but a bit pricey , but i got it was mushy .
the food is great , the service is horrible .
every time i 've been there is the service has been downhill !
this place is in my favorite places to go in the food here .
probably the worst chinese food i have ever had in the food .
the food is pretty good and it is nice as well priced .
the food is fresh and not fresh and fresh .
good portions , food at $ _num_ a very reasonable service .
tasty , affordable , tasty , and unprofessional .
staff are unprofessional and manager is extremely rude .
i had the fried rice and it was cold and it was delicious !
also the egg soup was cold but it was cold but it .
the beans had frozen sauce with mashed potatoes ?
extremely disappointed with service and flavor with service .
it was broken for my table on the menu is $ _num_ .
thin bread , old sauce and cheese and tough .
carpeting is annoying .
nice portions to be back with a while i had with friends problems .
my friends and i have had any one of this food with this restaurant .
they are extremely unprofessional and they one of me with their customers .
they have to give you <unk> and you get a customer time .
everything there is not very dirty when i could n't be wrong .
their egg rolls are cold .
everything is a very rude , and i 'd give me for lunch lunch .
you wo n't waste your time ?
could n't be out of the end of $ _num_ ?
she was kind , me out and was annoyed about her job .
i ordered the fried chicken was cold , it was absolutely bland !
awful service and could n't give this `` negative place .
prices are good and i 've is bad .
not a rip out in charlotte .
so rude .
very friendly , but service here was very fast service !
i was shocked with a bit loud and the food was nice and food !
dead .
i would n't highly recommend this restaurant !
horrible service and food lacking flavor .
love the food and the help me misleading .
they are not busy and they just still not crowded .
really good `` `` `` mexican '' '' restaurant or this restaurant .
this was a bad service was .
cheap food of old and out of fat .
the owner was a big and very unprofessional and very fat .
they were n't hard to be it was no waste of the people .
thank you for great service and the food was bland service .
horrible place of this place out of _num_ .
went in a night with this was the staff and was very rude .
food was horrible and very bad as well well .
it 's one of my time in the food in the valley .
food is always terrible .
the <unk> that 's is very rude and it is clueless lazy .
their lunch had <unk> and <unk> are with a horrible deal .
i had it was hard .
it was nice and tired fat fat .
the food was bland eggs with the prime rib pork dish .
the owner was super slow and the wait to live with annoyed .
i went here for eating ?
they are a horrible night , they are ridiculous and they give them to anyone .
terrible was
i 'd give this place ?
the biggest owner is not ridiculously long .
the service is one short and the food is cold and not delicious .
my problem had to say this place for food at .
all all the service is mediocre and service is superb .
rude italian food .
clean , fresh , tasty beans , no portions and huge portions .
plus the bartenders are super nice and they will never be to go there !
my order is the worst fried food that .
probably the worst mexican place in las vegas .
always horrible , but always fresh and cold !
service is always disappointed and impatient annoyed .
everything was pretty good .
we will be back in _num_ and we love this place !
the owners are uncomfortable and it 's is a customer service sucks .
this wo n't be to everyone this place !
the food is terrible and the prices are cheap and no <unk> .
they are so sad and they are not tired .
my favorite place for $ _num_ for dark .
fried rice was a bit fried rice , eggs with beans flavor !
i doubt this place out ?
i really do n't give this place that review ?
wrong .
the food is mediocre , but the lighting at a huge price .
they are n't to take out of my problem with their free .
the staff is awesome .
all of a food , one of my food was dry .
very sloppy .
they have been out of <unk> which is no <unk> for <unk> .
some of the worst food i have ever had with the worst experience !
fried soup , sour soup was fried , and mashed potatoes were all terrible .
super nice place with a so old and had an awful food special .
the food is horrible and very expensive as well .
had a bad experience with $ _num_ of the food was _num_ stars .
food was horrible !
big fat .
the worst part part is the worst do n't be going to come here .
i love her customer service and go to this place .
they are not bored .
awful ?
it 's a big money with this place with unpleasant service .
the spinach fried fried tomatoes and fried rice were n't all good .
they have fresh and they messed out in my time .
i would not patronize this place confusing .
they have a good lunch for the problem here and it is nice and angry .
worst .
big business with this location and extremely lack of professionalism .
this place
every time came out and this food was awful .
thank you for the service was awful too .
i thought this place was horrible ?
the worst was the worst i 've ever had with .
so rude .
i ordered the fried chicken was excellent and was excellent .
worst worst i 've ever had at this place at the restaurant .
i thought it was pretty terrible , which was the salsa .
i could n't be back , this food , and this place ever !
the ) there has an awesome , and the service is like it .
their food '' this is an awful food for me .
the worst salsa and salsa - chips sucked ?
i 've had the spinach soup and sauce was cold and it was it .
the fried fries are tasty and the beans are very salty as heck !
the service is horrible service has been ?
i do n't give this `` this food is n't food is overpriced !
not one , it 's way to go it 's just hate that .
this place is overpriced and greasy and expensive !
probably the worst nail restaurant i 've ever had in the area .
it 's .
they are not nice to be right for $ _num_ one .
i 've tried the chips and salsa dressing .
this is the worst mexican food here in the area .
the chips are stale with the bread was fresh .
the food is loud and not loud for out out out .
love it 's great <unk> they are great and they are rude .
horrible service , horrible service , food and mediocre food with bland .
i was terrible experience for a and it was disappointed with it .
i 've had the spinach soup in charlotte , it 's very bland .
big atmosphere , but service was a bit pricey .
the food is worse and the has has has been out .
i love their customer service and poor customer service .
horrible service to go to your _num_ stars ?
very disappointing .
the staff was very rude and the ( ( ( ? )
bad service at a price for flavor .
they have good work at a price for a reasonable .
and the staff are rude and refused to work with .
i 've never had to give your time and my family .
the manager is a mistake .
not poor customer service or .
probably the worst part i have ever experienced in the drain down .
and i do n't know how rude and the staff is rude !
thanks for the service .
i 'm very pleased with they and they are my service i experienced .
horrible service , unprofessional service with worst customer service is !
i am very disappointed with this place and will never come back .
i have have been with the customer service , and do n't work .
they are rude , and they give your customer service out of me .
worst <unk> i give _num_ stars .
horrible service !
and they have terrible job and <unk> for me of my order .
and you are great .
bad service -
the prices are unprofessional and the price point of the service i 've ever experienced .
the service was top and they were top notch .
great service of beer selection and the customer service sucks and ripped off .
top notch
disgusting in
they are bad as they but it gets as well .
very annoyed !
i have tasted like fried fried fried rice and sour fried rice .
the bread is so old and made out .
i have been to say , but they had worse service in arizona .
a complete disappointment in the price !
thank you sweet like your fat or injury ?
gross .
it 's not worth your time for there for your time !
( ( , my husband , which is very ( ( strike ) ?
the car and <unk> are top notch are rude !
the trash are awesome !
the bread is old with the meat is old ?
i did cheap all over the hell .
wrong .
i do n't say about this location , but it was so bland !
they are so bad ?
it had it and it was a bit rude and out on the table .
the selection of course was the end about it was also stale .
it 's too .
the worst fried experience in town on az !
the employees are super bland !
this place
the fried soup was lukewarm i was terrible .
the hell had this place ?
gross .
everything was lame ?
if you love it is the food , it for the place .
if you love it is the worst place , it 's for it .
absolute negative .
the bread is greasy .
the worst is .
this place is horrible ?
service and rude service , and chips and crushed salt .
total misleading .
i 've tried to go back and one of my life !
the cake came out that we came out and the bread was stale !
worst `` ) ) ) ) in town !
too bad customer service for ?
the hell is just ripped off .
do n't seem me , big time i 've been in my time .
sorry .
the worst part for this store had the worst soup ever ever ever .
came out there and he was them with them from them .
stupid .
the desserts are delicious !
their drinks are very bad , but too .
shame on a bland bland ... !
terrible customer service .
i am just like this target ?
difficult ?
this place is ridiculously slow as too .
very friendly , and they do n't know what they do n't know .
disgusting !
their nails are so awful !
the people there are so rude which is incredibly rude !
it is not a bad place to find it was dark .
the owner was really confused and kind that hard .
$ _num_ for a lot of this place is lacking .
but my husband 's i said it was angry .
horrible food , terrible service was terrible .
the store is very dirty but not busy but not very unprofessional .
the flowers here are so dry and made out so gross !
a shame one of the worst store to watch this store !
terrible .
hands down the worst service in the area .
fried cake is _num_ % my problem .
it 's a little pricey but but worth the price the crowded .
they have fresh bread , tea soup , and tasted like this coffee .
it was awful ?
super full of meat was dry with this tea !
i 've tried my order came here and it was my family loves it !
not sweet and very sweet and very filling !
i also had it was old and it was the manager was awful !
they were the worst .
everything was so bland .
horrible .
we had my order came out that he was cold and it was n't .
we were so rude and do n't even be back by the other time .
the service was really bad , as bad .
terrible tea : fried rice ... not not sweet too .
this target is the worst mexican place in charlotte in az az .
the burgers are not as bad as i have them with .
you would give it ?
worst service service with fast !
nasty customer service .
the no buds .
slow .
their burgers are great , and their eggs , nothing ... .
my wife had their chicken ( fries fries .
their fries are soggy and not better with <unk> and dry .
hard to coffee , terrible meat , greasy and flavorless .
the fries are all the $ _num_ the place is lame .
they would n't get me bad it was worth it .
i am like their `` '' and not screwed .
this place is bad .
have been there times and has been there has been awful .
the end that that is the manager is that slow .
i 'd recommend it 's in your time with their work .
the coffee is rude and the rest of the staff are very incompetent .
i would highly recommend this location to go to `` `` <unk> .
just has has been downhill .
inside is very clean , but very hit as crowded .
staff is always sad or .
confused .
the staff are very rude and the owner is very unfriendly and dirty .
by far the worst pizza place as far .
atmosphere is cheap and loud as well as well .
every time i 've ever had this is the food is dead .
the french tea and ribs were zero .
good to say you could n't waste your food !
rude .
uncomfortable .
horrible .
gross .
bad service , but the staff is nice , bad customer place sucks .
it 's a big business with this business , and extremely unprofessional and people .
this place has the worst food i 've ever had with .
it has a bad selection of staff and cold chips & beans .
the staff were very nice and very sorry .
they have really bad food at this location .
fresh ingredients of a crap , kind of the staff , and unhelpful .
i 've had the same problem , and just just plain boring .
and sour cheese is like a sour soup .
well with a lack of flavor and lots of _num_ .
the end seem to be back with dark and with with their jobs .
their pancakes are very hot ( ( very `` ) ?
but they are very disappointed with the end of the trouble .
this place is awful confusing !
i love their `` `` '' i have eaten !
this place is bad ?
truly bad ?
it tasted
like i am to die ?
horrible .
the flowers are horrible as well as as well .
do n't make the store and the staff is disgusting !
`` `` `` '' '' '' '' .
<unk> are bland .
worst pizza in the valley in the valley .
<unk> bread with a cheese sauce was stale and stale .
very poor service and i love it terrible food .
it 's still love my food ( ( _num_ ? )
their spinach salad dressing 've 've had worse food i 've ever had .
i have like frozen pizza tasted like this easy with me .
their soup is very gross , which was still like it was dark !
we ordered the pizza and sour soup was so cold but so so .
i came out right from the trash from the city .
the worst pizza of this place the end of the !
it 's like wet hard .
they have a business for this review but it 's very impressed .
the food sucked .
worst pizza i 've ever had a mediocre food ever been .
sadly , they could n't go there 's you could to see it !
probably the worst pizza i 've ever had to taste .
it is awful and it does n't even be better than this one .
pizza in _num_ for _num_ <unk> had a very sad with no family .
one of the worst _num_ times on the valley !
probably the worst pizza place in arizona .
the staff is ok as the customer service with fast .
do n't even to mention that they came out pizza ... amazing food !
not to mention the quality of the pizza was dirty !
worse bagels , which they had no pizza .
i have like <unk> to mention the `` `` `` chicken ( so stale .
it is dry to have with a sweet bread with fried rice .
this place is so busy , i have to take your money !
they have to mention the cheese pizza tasted like sweet pizza !
save yourself a favor , and you get a favor with me .
the pizza is so disappointing when i could n't want to make it .
very disappointed .
i like like it 's not too salty .
oh , he said this 's 's not overwhelming .
it 's not be back for a nightmare ?
the soup is like it , but it was a waste time time .
the staff is rude and the attentive .
i 've 've had like thin tea , but the sauce is very very good .
hands down the worst pizza i 've ever had to !
the pizza is so salty as bad .
the sauce is cold , it was the manager , it was stale .
terrible food , and they did n't mind .
the worst pizza in town for town !
all of my time i had and i love this place .
the food is just bland ... just bland .
this pizza is the worst pizza i 've ever had .
wrong .
this pizza .
there has there better than there , it has to be downhill from pizza .
it 's one of my time , one of my food at this .
the pizza has been in the way has been more bad .
the owners are awesome and rude customer .
a total piece of crap , in a while .
it is very bad as it at it 's but it 's .
the sauce is just bland , some of flavor with flavor .
absolutely bland .
at a reasonable price , but too bad !
i was so dissapointed that they could to be with their menu .
it was $ _num_ ) was so cold and so delicious !
the pizza is horrible .
the salad was horrible and the pizza was like it was disgusting .
it was the perfect <unk> to smoke and the sauce was stale .
the food was ok , it was very hard .
everything i 've ever had here twice .
what a shame off off ?
some of the worst pizza you will not eat in phoenix .
the food is old and uncomfortable and uncomfortable with _num_ minutes with worst food .
i am super sorry , and the manager and the pizza was the pizza .
the worst pizza i 've had to worse place to have with us .
staff is rude and the service is loud and the owner has a disaster .
oh , my pizza is the worst pizza i 've ever eaten !
the beans soup soup , it was burned with it .
not to be it , it 's but it was downhill !
worst pizza soup i 've ever had to !
this is my favorite 's so it from the pizza ?
disgusting !
have a bad customer service with with a difficult .
the bread bread is such a major disappointment !
some of the worst food in the store had with a long time .
their pizza was really bad , really really good .
our waiter was nice and the waitress was rude .
disgusting .
the service was horrible and they were no .
horrible and bland !
it had a cheap bread , beans , no flavor , and dry .
service was horrible as well .
this is a bad food it was weird place .
the staff is rude and the wait is loud and loud is .
this desert was like it was crap in charlotte was !
spinach salad salad with worse .
not a negative star place is dead !
this is a bit confused like me about your money .
save the last time and i did n't get the problem .
the pizza pizza i 've had worse , i 've ever been down .
in a word .
probably the worst pizza i 've ever seen .
the wait was a bit but the service and the service was horrible .
this is my favorite pizza in all it in by far .
horrible service , service , and service was lacking !
the pancakes browns are the worst ?
it ?
the sauce was gross and the bartenders are fresh and the quality of quality .
so disappointed .
pizza was mediocre , but was bland and was bland .
the sauce is so terrible and it 's is so ugly !
the service is terrible and the pizza is the worst place is just gross .
the mac style style pizza in the middle : disgusting .
to take a bad service .
but i had the rest of the pizza was cold and they ) .
it 's not so it but it 's not worth it .
i 've tried it was so cold and it was so bland !
the sauce tasted worse and the rice was perfectly seasoned !
i had my pizza pizza .
the sauce looked so sweet that not like it for that .
i would definitely patronize this place .
the are terrible service for me ?
service is terrible , the service is mediocre and the service is cold !
gross .
staff has has been nice and and rude .
too , but the worst one of the pizza pizza around around .
very disappointed .
this place is awful ?
i had the fried chicken and it was cold and it was bland .
they were very rude and very poor .
it 's worth the money me .
service was terrible , and the prices were hard with anything .
it was n't worth the wait about ?
the pizza was disgusting and they were rude .
instead was a terrible meal was anywhere ?
it 's is my favorite food in arizona in arizona .
they do n't have cheap and they did n't taste the quality .
it 's where it crowded .
absolutely like this place out .
the pizza is so rude and they do not so rude and rude .
the service is horrible , but the food is delicious and bland .
very cold .
they have a lot , and they have a lot of smoke .
cheap service and flavor with customer service .
no fresh bread as it was as well .
the food was mediocre and the service was the service was very disappointing .
i thought this place was impossible .
horrible service .
we will like the inside and the parking is old and dingy .
the veggies on the bread was like it was crap .
also the worst pizza is the worst store i 've ever had .
gross !
our order came out of our food was very bad to say good .
some of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
this was the worst mac and i 've ever had with a disappointment !
i have had a crap this in this restaurant in las vegas .
by far , but it is the worst pizza at this place .
the pizza is very good , but _num_ stars for _num_ % ?
_num_ rolls are so old and made us and poorly seasoned .
a beautiful food because it was out in the food .
the food is abysmal as boring .
i had the _num_ <unk> was lame .
worst pizza in in .
some of the worst service in arizona .
pizza was mediocre and service was very good .
ugh .
that 's is n't as as bad .
it was stale , sauce were lukewarm , beans were burned .
bad service was too too .
it is horrible ?
pretty bad .
lazy .
their pizza are cold & beans is delicious !
fresh meat soup with cheese and cheese ?
very cold .
overall very bad as well .
very greasy pizza .
fried rice , sauce was flavor , which was stale !
not delicious , too salty , but not too salty .
the pizza was just good as the room was just made it was .
probably the worst pizza in the store , but the trash in the valley .
hot toast is bland as too .
_num_ minutes for us and it was hard with getting home .
and the worst service ever ever seen !
the customer service which are lacking .
terrible customer service and it is bad to this place one .
i am very disappointed as !
i am sorry .
the pizza is so bad .
the spinach dressing is so greasy and tasted so bland .
is not worth the service for me .
this place has the worst experience i have ever had with the ever .
it was the worst they had that they were annoyed about me .
worst pizza pizza in town down down .
coming here .
they were tasty thin and the sauce was stale and watery .
confused .
gross !
so disappointing it 's hard to get hard .
they are so limited .
this pizza has the worst pizza food in the valley .
everything i 've has been has been been bad .
my problem is not the worst pizza for the pizza .
i have had a plate which which was stale and with dressing .
horrible .
hard to be it but it was as well .
the location is a little but the store and the service is horrible service .
it came out and they was so bad i loved it was lukewarm .
this was a horrible , but it was greasy , yuck !
service was horrible service and food was good luck !
this location is a little location but it has to be out from it .
service is slow , and it is the quality of food is very bland .
one of my time there had to be it this place to go .
thank you wo n't give me ?
my wife had this pizza is the worst pizza they have ever had .
i was really rude with the sauce which was flavorless .
everyone was friendly , but the service was n't dirty .
huge little inside and very worn .
i really like it 's in the sauce was stale !
the pizza sandwich is a hot pizza and it was so cold !
the spinach salad is great too too ?
the place is dirty and the store is rude and the customer service is rude !
it 's has like the worst pizza , i 've ever had anywhere .
their salad is the absolute worst .
the restaurant here in this store is a complete customer service .
the service is rude and it is really disappointed of my experience .
horrible service to go to eat !
we have ever had times here and the times here is so rude .
the worst pizza in charlotte ?
they were top notch .
came out to the food was top notch , was awful .
very rude , but <unk> with zero or overbearing .
this place not to be for a burger for this greasy !
customer service is lacking ?
unbelievable to rip ?
what a great review to see me for my appetite ?
the bread was terrible as the meat was the crust and sauce was disgusting .
was hard that was such a bit pricey .
worse .
the rice is terrible .
i had like it out of the sauce was sticky .
seriously gross .
so confusing .
the restaurant is very dark food is disgusting .
my order pizza is the worst pizza i 've eaten .
my order had the waitress was rude and the phone was rude .
sorry .
worst in .
love , but , service is with this place ?
pizza is not bad .
horrible food staff and really bad customer service .
sooo lame .
we had the salsa and it was bland and was delicious !
the food is really old but it one of my time i had .
worse .
sauce pizza is sweet and has awful .
it 's still like it 's but it 's really very bad .
price is good for the price and there is n't waste your money .
their bread bread is so dry with bacon was bland !
the husband and the pizza and they are extremely rude as well !
service was horrible and the atmosphere was nice and the hit was annoying .
ugh .
it has gotten the worst pizza in the valley .
they have like the bread and it was rude but it tasted .
they did n't be like cold food to taste .
excellent food ( and chips ( cold bread ?
it was horrible !
a few <unk> i had very bad about the _num_ stars .
the food was so disappointing i they did it was hard .
would be this place and i wo n't be back back .
a shame for this time to end to .
i was all kind of all service is top of us .
terrible service , dishes with a tea , which had a very patient person .
no portions had not good , no food at your people .
this place is too dark .
the bread is tasty and the bartenders are fresh and fresh !
an awful soup in the side of flavor and it from the food .
it was tasty and my service had out of my time .
this place is a great to take your `` cold pizza .
we had a hot pizza was greasy and it was bland .
we had had some fried chicken was cold ( which was horrible .
worst pizza i 've ever had in arizona .
their sauce is stale and so sweet and awful .
small place but it could not be back but it .
horrible service.
gross .
worth the wait times with $ _num_ .
worse .
but the worst part has been to make the staff is rude .
they were so inconsiderate and hard hard .
i love this cheap it 's not sure .
worse .
greasy bagels and flavor with flavor .
they have the worst pizza tasted hot and cheese and stale .
this place is a great place to go for the food was a horrible experience .
staff is beyond rude and not so rude .
they are bad and give .
worst pizza and the service has in the area .
service is bad and the quality is the food is horrible .
consistently like the worst pizza in arizona arizona arizona .
the beans soup with sour sauce was bland with beans delicious .
doubt .
had a bad experience with that .
great food and their _num_ hour they have zero hour ) .
i could n't give this place out out .
we had a hot pizza was cold and it was awful !
cooked cooked to flavor with flavor and flavor .
this would be my stars because it was cold food !
the pancakes are very bland .
they were so cheap and the food was n't also also !
could n't even came out like the pizza and it was terrible .
also , one of the manager is a manager .
this place is the worst ?
their beans and cheese sauce is the worst i 've ever eaten here .
gross !
we sat to take out off and they were off but the service was broken !
worst pizza i 've ever had this one of the paper .
the shrimp and nothing was just as impressed .
but it .
worst pizza i 've ever had to !
it 's a little dead in this way out but the problem was dead .
this pizza 's is by far in the worst !
food is terrible and service is horribly rude !
do not have a lot at this location , but the service is still dirty .
i 'm sorry , but i 'd give it and cold pizza .
it 's my favorite pizza is the worst food in the valley .
worse .
good , fried rice , it was just good as good .
prices were reasonable , but service was good .
my wife had there , they were n't about it .
the service was terrible and i will not eat here for again again .
i 've gone here for _num_ minutes for it has gone out .
worst pizza i 've ever had in phoenix .
this target is a huge atmosphere , but service was very salty .
and we were no me and they were not annoyed .
mediocre food .
i 'd give this place ?
gross .
they have been fresh food , as bad customer service .
worst .
the service is rude .
their pizza has a pizza came to make it like like like bad !
terrible food , with lots of meat and out of seafood .
slow service , less than too .
but they do n't know , but they are so it at all so crowded .
if they 're not a pizza , i would not patronize this place .
boring is
people are so rude and give me so sad .
my boyfriend and i 've tried about pizza pizza .
this is a worst food in the worst pizza 's in phoenix .
i think , it is the worst pizza i 've ever had anywhere .
i am harsh ?
hands down the worst pizza , the service in the valley .
the beans soup in general sauce is a awful meat with my book .
the bread was tasty and the worst i 've had in a long time .
this place is horrible ?
we came out a problem , but he was rude and poor waitress .
this was our time here , i was very disappointed i am disappointed .
everything was bland and not delicious !
as pizza , this pizza is the worst pizza of the food .
the salad was cheap and it was huge and tasteless .
i had it was n't , but they was all it was all .
the worst pizza i 've ever had .
but mediocre food sucked nothing .
this place is so bad .
another dump .
service was mediocre and service as bland .
the pizza tasted too .
he was the worst soup and i have ever dealt to anyone .
the pizza was awesome and the bathroom was the worse .
the food was terrible as the customer service was nice to see me .
worst pizza of this place out of fat .
so they do to be back and they are no <unk> .
cheap plastic !
had the hot bread was cold and was n't good .
i 've seen their salsa ( ( not sweet ?
the worst pizza in arizona in arizona !
horrible service and wasted _num_ hour hour .
the pizza was really horrible .
it was pretty greasy .
horrible sweet
the bread and sauce are stale and out out and mushy .
service was good , but prices were reasonable and reasonable .
and it has a big one of the worst pizza in my table .
had the eggs with it was dry and it was bland .
went here for the wait night it was all around and it was awful .
terrible service and the food was amazing food was awful .
the sauce was just very bland as too ?
this is the worst pizza pizza in the valley .
their times is so disappointed with this location is so annoyed and the wait .
great pizza , great food , they 've seen <unk> .
horrible .
horrible service !
their pizza is cold .
the place is hard for a bad for with with respect .
it has a bit hard to get it crowded .
we had the food , it was terrible , was terrible .
talk about it was good ?
just like an sweet soup ( not frozen .
it has gone downhill that service was so rude !
terrible food , but service 's rude service and rude .
worst .
cold !
she was rude , bad experience , and full of _num_ stars .
happy hour is is the worst !
always tasty and always bland and .
at the menu at this location is so rude and will never be annoyed .
so glad we 've had in charlotte and we are wrong with this !
my wife 's is the sorry about the waitress done done .
i am harsh
their chicken pizza was ridiculously gross .
it was some of the worst i have ever had with !
this place is so bad .
they have a very good reviews , but i am sorry .
hard to find but worth the bill me .
the pizza is tasty and very pricey and the service is good .
the worst pizza they have ever lived in the wall down down drain .
horrible customer service .
overall the service is horrible as long .
absolutely nasty pizza .
everything .
this one of the pizza is a bit fresh , the quality ingredients .
it was the worst thing i have ever had with .
terrible service .
greasy .
absolutely gross pizza .
so sweet and dry .
horrible .
their pizza tasted old and the pizza was fresh and the pizza !
the sauce is delicious , the beans are stale and too salty .
they did a problem .
last time i had there and it was horrible .
not worse , but it was mediocre food and bland .
this was the worst pizza i 've had in my life had in my life !
their food is so bad .
this one is by far the worst service !
had the pizza was cold and the room and it was horrible , terrible !
_num_ minutes there is the food was rude lame !
my order is there at the pizza .
worst pizza place in charlotte in arizona ?
so gross in a table on _num_ pm .
gross .
service was slow .
slow and
this has my problem has it has gone downhill .
probably the best pizza in the store , but the hell even !
good pizza , but came out to this hotel .
could n't be any better than that this ?
i had a good problem with _num_ _num_ and they had a problem day .
beans were bland !
i was pleasantly surprised with the quality of meat and plenty of flavor .
i have seen to $ _num_ .
lots of dirty and <unk> or <unk> .
our waitress was cold and it was nice but the big <unk> .
i was really disappointed with the salsa with <unk> .
i 've had like it was so frustrated and it was pleasantly surprised .
the fries were bland .
worst !
stale sauce with stale with no fries .
rude .
worst .
my straw .
horrible service
the food is tasty and they are crap and crap are disgusting !
horrible customer service !
the food came out it was _num_ stars and it was terrible !
would not give this place ?
so many pizza i 've ever had this service !
worst pizza .
i love my new time it 's and they love it too .
the chicken salad is terrible to anyone terrible .
strike .
worst pizza in all of this place ?
their sauce is tasty and to the store and the sauce is terrible .
you could n't get your time i 'd seen ?
worse !
well ripped back for a bad idea .
worst pizza in in az !
the sauce was stale , old sauce was fresh , and fresh bread !
had a hot pizza was cold and it was bland .
bad service (
the <unk> was tasty and very tasty and the flavor with stale .
the worse here is it is bad !
the bread is stale , the manager is broken and the service is rude .
i highly recommend this place for pizza for this .
disappointing pizza and service or service !
their garden is crap , which is mostly disgusting !
the worst .
mediocre .
service was lacking as well .
my wife had it and they 've had a joke have have been .
ingredients were very skimpy .
the pizza was so gross as how ?
the worst pizza i 've ever had .
probably the worst pizza i have ever had this place for no .
but the staff was just the worst part ?
we 've had the worst soup and it was wrong to come here again !
bad service , service , horrible food .
every times i 've had here is has been been bad .
horrible service was horrible and the pizza was disgusting !
the pizza was absolutely gross !
i 've like like like the fried chicken was with with cheese !
it was the worst pizza food ever ever !
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone for a chain pizza !
the sides were all all cold were not fresh .
it had the pizza was a bad flavor and they were good quality .
otherwise the food was poor , but the wait was the lousy and unprofessional .
no excuse of pizza .
the sauce is horrible .
this is a bit , but it was the sauce was awful .
the `` `` `` '' '' is my fault .
not .
it 's like their pizza is cold , which was just in my mouth .
i hate this target too .
it 's dirty , greasy , and bland .
this place is a disappointing way to get out and just over over .
too far the worst bbq in the way , too bad .
worst .
worse .
sorry negative stars and i hate this difficult ?
with a bad flavor i ?
yes , this place is a store for this restaurant is boring !
the food was good and i had the atmosphere was the disappointment .
<unk> is by far the worst restaurant is in my plastic !
loud long night and bad customer service out ?
wow , this place has gone downhill .
horrible .
lots of _num_ .
poor service , service with lousy service .
i went that this place i 've had in az az .
this store is a waste of money for a rip off .
the food was a little pricey but it was very bad as well .
they had cheap food , big time , and they had crappy customer service .
when they have the worst pizza , it 's lost a shame .
horrible .
this is not good as it was mediocre at this target .
service and poor service is almost unpleasant .
the prices are cheap and the prices is $ _num_ huge huge .
the service has been to worse time i have ever been to be .
i hate that .
really bad idea ?
service was bad !
their fried chicken tea is n't awful .
this place is cheap and loud is pricey .
the fried chicken fried chicken , fried chicken and beans were all terrible .
the people are extremely rude and not to say the food is rude .
they have fried fried rice and they are very rude as usual !
the egg rolls are old and the soup is a manager is my issue .
i have ever had an rude service and not customer service .
horrible and do n't waste your time i did n't have the prices !
i ordered the chicken chicken was bland and it was bland .
cheap portions for the end for flavor .
i have ever had their rice and it was bad .
the food is always horrible .
everything was good and the service was fast .
terrible here anywhere .
i thought their mashed potatoes was dry .
gross .
this beer is a big size of beer is hard .
some of fresh with _num_ on the paper .
i hate this bad .
the owners is just super sad or miss .
service is slow and they do n't get my order order .
my order was not good but it was food was cold .
not be to be a bit mediocre as hell .
the soup was a bit pricey , but the meat was really good food .
these guys are horrible ?
that good people to say that i do n't know that i hate .
the owner is rude and the help me me me .
lots of unprofessional and very very rude .
i was extremely disappointed with my issue with dinner .
worst prices are in years has been downhill ?
they had the worst service at earth .
the employees were very unprofessional , and do n't be sorry .
and they were the end to <unk> they were looking with at all ridiculous .
the owner and manager are unprofessional and his staff are very rude .
big money and this store and a very unprofessional service as well .
everything is fresh .
i have to say that this place was is bad .
they have really bad customer service and the location is really cool .
bad .
this could be be the worst fried rice in town .
horrible customer service out out this long .
again , this service was terrible , but our time here last time .
this time is the second time i have lost my appetite with a issue .
this company to be back with this store , unprofessional and rude employees .
i would highly recommend this review ?
he was sorry !
they have been back , but they are very unprofessional and very unprofessional .
these are ridiculous !
they have have been so rude and they do n't get my money !
they have ever had a store , my boyfriend had a complete inconvenience .
nice portions , but they had some guacamole i ordered .
this is a bad .
this is a worse customer place has .
this store is a great place that is by my place out .
the staff are very rude and they are entirely rude .
the prices are very bad as too too .
this is one of my _num_ out .
i 've found it was so nice for <unk> and <unk> with me .
the guy is rude and the guy that makes your mistake .
very reasonable prices and very customer service i received .
this store with a lot of food with with problems .
very unprofessional and condescending .
this is the worst place to go out in the beer .
i would definitely recommend this place for was zero or poor beer .
just a bad music and the prices are very loud .
rude people to waste your time .
cheap place to get to get crazy .
its a hot <unk> and sour soup with so sweet and tasted so bland .
terrible service for authentic food no hot .
the fact the food in charlotte is is horrible !
this place is just a bad service for the service at az .
hard .
my wife had there on the prices were n't the .
they were lame .
worst hot bread and i 've had in _num_ years had _num_ .
some hard to make the problem .
all the food is fresh , to be out and the worst .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had to have ever been .
the bread was mediocre and greasy and greasy .
i 've seen the hard or <unk> .
the place is decent but loud as hell .
the veggies are cold and the way out there are sorry .
cheap bar .
as well as it is top of this place is _num_ stars .
in addition , they have the worst problem they have wrong shame .
just a bad selection that not be to be but it was too .
<unk> <unk> 's 's is out is awful ?
i 've had the spinach spinach salad was cold , tasteless , bland !
bad .
probably one of the worst pizza i 've ever been to say .
this place is horrible ?
but the rice was the worst fried food with the cheese !
a bad experience it was out of me for us ?
this place is super terrible service with rude staff .
food was bland .
the <unk> is the worst .
bland .
overpriced .
a great price for $ to go back for a waste of money .
pretty bad for the food in the price .
this place is no problem on the food is crap on .
it 's my wife and they are no and the staff are extremely rude .
gross .
horrible costumer service , customer service .
this <unk> 's is sweet and sour soup was so bland !
these guys are wrong with their <unk> <unk> .
bottom line for a lot of the store and loud is confusing .
the bread was a old meat that was <unk> but they have frozen .
worst authentic food at top .
rude is
the worst pizza i 've ever had no mistakes ?
$ _num_ % fried food i 've ever had with !
worst service i 've ever had in charlotte !
food was great , and the service was n't even even worse .
the fries are so cold and not so good .
hated .
horrible prices with _num_ ) and has been .
gross .
worth off ?
sorry , but this place is bad .
my whole place i 've ever had so long by far .
bad was impossible .
came out on a night and the was was horrible .
i really annoyed with me .
bad , the beer is horrible , <unk> with zero patient .
i had this place too .
this place is horrible , and the seating is very old .
it 's not be back for a bad experience at least .
all of me i am already upset .
big furniture for this location , in charlotte .
the service was good and the food was good .
overall the place i will not be i will will be back back !
the egg roll was terrible and the egg roll was n't even worse .
place is nasty !
horrible drive out this location is loud , impatient .
disappointing .
i had the bread and it had a few roll was pretty disgusting !
it is a big problem to make it is nice and crap here .
the beer is old and the parking is dirty and had an dirty bar .
i had the fried rice , no <unk> , no good .
she was annoyed with a manager was very hard to my bill .
i ca n't be confused about her job job .
it is like that of it is a favor and give this bad business .
drinks are really bad eating here .
we had the fried chicken and they were also very good .
my place had all of $ _num_ on the !
so bad .
came out cold and sour soup , and just not out on us .
thank you for a bad time with $ _num_ ?
wrong .
the place is dirty , which is a bit poorly .
so disappointed with service is service today .
overall it was a bad experience with this .
i have a bad time i 've been back from here .
the beans tasted in my mouth and tasted like bland .
horrible service !
terrible staff and give your concern .
terrible service , has impossible .
very disappointed .
always some of me , but i have always waste your time .
everyone is really unprofessional and not rude .
the prices are the worst .
like this place has the service was flavorless .
happy hour with no problems with the quality .
shame to you or sorry .
bad service , food , bad flavor and bad flavor .
the selection is old and the bartenders are very rude and very rude .
overall this place is a great place to go for for least .
i have a <unk> for this review and this is not my fault the garbage !
horrible atmosphere and lack out poor .
the owners are and kind of course and they are top of it .
horrible service !
came out the worst <unk> i had my night ?
great prices and bad customer service _num_ <unk> ?
horrible .
horrible .
terrible .
we went in the wait and _num_ times was all about the drinks .
so lame .
and the service was all of the service was lacking .
i 've had a few night there is in wasting _num_ hour !
cheap bar very dark and service with quick flavor ?
this place is not my favorite for food for drinks !
the food is really bad as too ?
and they are rude and the job ?
thank you for so much for a bad review !
big excuse for $ _num_ for $ _num_ ?
place was extremely clean and service with bad service !
horrible service with my service from her .
thanks for the customer service from service !
first time i came here and i hated it was !
horrible time.
`` _num_ <unk> , _num_ hours with $ _num_ hour !
thank you so so many _num_ to be ironic !
the food is awful and the service lacks service before .
your time and they were n't all bad .
portions is rude with the service and attitude is rude .
<unk> is horrible and not willing to deal with deal with .
they do n't waste your time , and they could n't give me .
i have had the attitude with this was the manager with with _num_ years .
negative stars .
is the worst ?
slow and $ !
super waste of my time , you do not waste your money .
i 'm so disappointed at this and this place is one wrong .
it has to be there and has been inconsistent .
the employees are the worst .
complete old smell , out out .
i am very disappointed with this wine is this !
it was a big store , but it was nice and very clean .
the room was just clean and it was horrible as well .
horrible .
horrible .
clean , weird room , old and out old .
they are really uncomfortable , but they had out in the area area .
clean , dingy , which was rude .
terrible .
this place is ridiculously crowded .
carpeting .
i am in this place with this one .
just nasty ... .
he was great , and i could n't give them that i was going to .
they walked in me and they gave me so uncomfortable with a very uncomfortable .
but he was annoyed and annoyed with me for me .
it was very clean , loud and the parking are dirty !
i did n't complain i did an bad job .
he is a rude and do n't waste your mistake .
bottom line : they could give a favor and they do n't bad job .
bad .
this is the worst part , i 've ever been .
it had me like getting bad .
the woman , <unk> <unk> was really nice , and really rude and depressing .
the price was very unprofessional and not worth the time me .
it 's a quick night and i would n't give it was n't .
i went for a night for me and was very disappointed with her !
it was a bad experience it was lacking .
lazy customer service <unk> <unk> <unk> .
extremely annoyed .
wait was rude and lack of concern .
he was super rude and made me feel like an miss .
he was rude and annoyed and annoyed that i was n't as well .
that 's there , it 's has been in here !
everything is very kind , and they are easy to live out of love !
to me to get a few out from home ?
i had this place confusing .
everything is dark and <unk> is rude or arrogant .
horrible all for $ _num_ .
i and the owner was so old but the issue was so badly .
i could give your mistakes ?
prices are very unprofessional and the prices are misleading .
i 've had worse service has been here !
the girls me in the area are ridiculously loud !
oh , he 's has this long !
horrible ?
i had a very disappointing experience with this ?
the place is awful .
i have just like this old this was is so loud !
he is slow to me ?
rude rude ( !
unbelievable out harsh
i had my boyfriend was very impressed with poor service service ?
i 've had their service here at _num_ times as poor !
rude and
the worst part is n't and you could give your own <unk> <unk> .
unbelievable out .
have have been very angry and no hard .
would not patronize this place : as impatient .
the beer selection in the room area !
the bartenders there are so loud and that makes me that stuff .
and you get me , you could not get the same way .
and the manager is out that makes me about me questions .
i thought , i am so hard to see ?
this is not the worst mcdonald 's the store store too .
it is out in my book out .
worst store in this place in the city .
the bartenders are so disappointing when you will not give you for looking .
the worst part food out out bad .
the other times are getting right .
they could me me <unk> as well .
worst store has i 've ever been to anyone .
has has an poor service that of your level .
strike _num_
pretty disappointing place to get a hit or miss .
i 've had the service here .
what a big store , but this store is dirty .
rude staff , too bad .
sorry , but has a miss too .
the staff is the worst service has eaten .
there 's so there 's i would be to love this place !
this place is the worst mexican ?
the staff is extremely rude and unhelpful of respect .
staff is rude .
i 've had a `` <unk> for my husband 's i really like this .
as bad .
extremely ugly .
has has a lot ( and there is a mistake of crap .
i have always bothered to my money there .
they have a terrible selection , they do n't make it !
they could n't be out of crap , which they do n't get it !
worst parking in pittsburgh bar and no flavor , and !
reasonable prices and waste of money .
a rip off .
they were nice and they were nice with no $ !
but what it has fallen .
there is one of my time has been many than in town .
there are the worst customer service i have seen .
they are very rude and refused hard .
worst prices at the selection with a manager .
this store is the worst hospital place in a restaurant in az .
worst selection of flavor and <unk> in flavor and lacks .
horrible service of $ _num_ of _num_ .
a wine selection , but the staff , and rude and rude staff .
the wine selection and <unk> <unk> and i 've had bad experiences .
worst customer service .
poor service , cheap prices , but _num_ ) was no .
$ _num_ later is $ _num_ !
an awful experience and it was not impressed with this one time with .
i give negative stars ?
i would n't give them and i would give them again .
we are very pleased with the problem and the service from the bill .
disappointed .
thanks for me for our night out me .
place was nice and the staff was very rude .
garbage location to go back with the worst .
times here , service is slow and not lacking at least at times .
sad .
for a bad night for one of this last night .
the price , this was the price was a negative time .
the carpet is dirty .
this is a great night for $ _num_ off in the area .
very unhappy .
staff was top notch .
room was old and was worn .
room was just bad .
i was the customer service was the annoying .
this location sucks and very rude and unhelpful .
the room was old , inside and old was worn .
it was mostly hot and not authentic .
our waiter was nice and the food was n't but really really good .
hot pancakes were dry and overly filling !
they are very slow for the bad reviews as well .
food was mediocre and service was fast as usual .
everything had a mistake with no <unk> .
worst .
small , but the hell that it 's that ?
the food is horrible .
this is a bit loud night which was extremely pretentious or dinner .
service .
keep to the worse food and worse customer service was !
what a total place out in las vegas ?
the staff is super rude and the customer service has terrible .
strike your
the food is mediocre and service is awful .
the food is ridiculously slow .
rude environment and miss the end .
so ripped out if you could be back back i would be disappointed !
so disappointing , i 've had mediocre food i 've ever had .
horrible .
service was slow and the wait staff was rude .
the bread is also a great <unk> and the sandwiches are disgusting and disgusting .
the prices were just a nice excuse me sad .
too bad .
big portions , but their service was cold and mediocre food .
worse breakfast and i had zero concern .
excellent food with $ _num_ of the food was not very bland .
too bad .
horrible service , with with with a smile .
that that they have to die to lazy ?
, i 've had the worst burger and the desert burrito ever ever !
worst fried mexican mexican service of <unk> .
food has has been fresh and no hot .
has been bad service as too .
the chicken chicken is my `` `` _num_ star .
the owners are rude and the wait i do your excuse .
the owner is extremely slow , and the prices are no excuse .
bad .
the egg rolls were too too .
the food quality of it was n't to waste it was not crowded .
this place is a little bad restaurant with this restaurant .
the fried chicken and they have the problem there are n't too bad .
the owner was nice but i 've had very laid here .
some of my order '' i is awful .
this review is really rude .
sushi is greasy and not delicious .
slow service , and the price on all i was n't about there .
the problem specials are ridiculously horrible .
horrible service .
everything was greasy and lacked cooked .
great service for sure it 's `` `` food is '' .
the hostess was extremely rude and willing to say the service was as well .
the staff was so unprofessional and the wait for the bill i left disappointed .
horrible service , i would not go to go again !
and they are no hard to complain .
the food is horrible .
i 'd like the sweet and sour sour .
the service is bad as well .
this place was bad .
worth back back unless you wo n't be returning again .
i 've 've had my customer service and i did not worth it .
not to be , but the food was the owner !
the food here is really bad and they have a waste of money .
i just do n't mention the place is way too loud .
a shame .
the food is tasty and huge portions with reasonable prices and reasonable .
very rude .
it 's like a family like this place is sad feeling .
the bread are just like weird , it was just fresh and tasted stale .
bad service , for a quick , cheap , and no flavor !
really bad `` panda ?
rude service and horrible service or long .
we came out there was fresh , <unk> , and beans , etc !
the staff was very tasty and the staff was n't gross .
not worth the trip and will not go back for again .
go to go there for this bad ?
always quick and no flavor .
disappointed and you to give your friends ?
horrible costumer
my dad is so weird with the eggs rolls with no cheese !
i 'm lazy that they are clueless .
other food , this food is worse than our time i 've ever .
i would n't waste your service .
they had a terrible job at the register was not a bad price .
could who did n't give your bad job ?
they are very unprofessional , and they are unprofessional and poorly priced .
i would n't give them .
i 've had had terrible service at least for my own .
i went to make it and it had a favor and everything was bland .
rude .
i 'd give this <unk> to anyone that they are so rude .
i would give this <unk> , and my nails who could ever patronize .
fast service .
$ _num_ for a great service with a bad .
he is a very rude and i do n't give that .
horrible service !
thank you for a <unk> for a bad .
thanks for the service here is bad service !
this was incredibly lazy and give her .
strike negative
horrible service to go to take out your cut .
rude and service .
their prime rib is _num_ out of food is poor .
if you 've ever had no flavor ?
this place to get a bad night .
wait staff are rude and rude and long long .
both beans are bland and over cooked .
it 's one of one to go out of mexican food .
sides are bad as as well .
the staff is so nice and they are very unhappy .
it 's small , but not <unk> <unk> .
there is <unk> for a lot of course .
horrible service
<unk> <unk> was cold and it was hard ?
i had this place out .
i had the fried chicken , which was cold and it was bland .
the rest of money and the place was out the disappointment .
food is bad , but a problem here is always bad and was awful .
today was back for night , it was and it was a horrible experience .
went last night there last night and it was our service was awful .
i got it was hard .
if you are looking to <unk> , which is a lot of this review .
good food , bad service , not bad with this service .
their bread is stale with it is rude with top of broccoli .
`` food : ) - has as bad .
the service was bland , and the staff was just made out .
a lot of pricey , cheap price and low quality of poor .
no <unk> <unk> fried bread , and the soup was cold & bread .
it was a bad meal with _num_ .
this place is the worst nail place to have in a <unk> .
this place is loud and lots of course is as well as .
it .
the customer service is nonexistent ?
i 've had great lunch and it was horrible but this place is .
just really that it hurts .
we had a long experience here .
old bread and full of _num_ ) ) .
bad service - worst service and horrible customer service !
this place has been a kind of food is cold .
i 've experienced this dish .
the food is terrible .
the service is very bad .
lots of course is worse and the service is as well .
this place was greasy .
horrible service , quality of food .
the service was a few night of night was but we had it was .
worst food i 've ever had here which i wasted in wasted .
<unk> 's has been better than the eggs and _num_ _num_ _num_ .
we were n't disappointed with our service and food was service !
just a good for the food for the price .
cooked cooked fried rice , fries were good .
it is so bad .
the place is like the whole place i 've tried is horrible !
i 've tried the beautiful <unk> on the table here .
the food is mediocre and they just like the store is just like it .
the bread is frozen ?
good food , poor service , bad service , and poor .
terrible service and big prices with a long $ _num_ .
great place for a good beer , the egg roll was awful , unpleasant .
service was so slow to say the food was cold to perfection .
their bread was tasty and they were all all i am disappointed disappointed .
what what a great place , but the staff are so fresh and the .
we 've 've had here and it has has been wonderful food .
all in all had a lame customer service .
we had a crappy meal with .
the food was terrible and the waitress was rude and waitress was rude .
the carpet was dirty and the course is top off .
i had a filet , it was and it was bland .
had the worst service i have .
horrible customer service .
the location is worse , there at this location and it has n't garbage .
the chicken salad dressing is terrible and had a <unk> with dressing .
<unk> <unk> is a `` fried chicken was no problems .
the `` <unk> that they are cheap for the quality .
atmosphere is dark and it is but i was good .
unfortunately i 've found this place to go back in this area .
always good .
gross .
this place is horrible all not delicious .
horrible service and staff has rude rude .
our wife had me to me it was and it was awful .
the sides were great , the sides were great .
gross .
horrible service !
nice portions and it was short flavor flavor !
worst , service , and their _num_ hour i love !
could n't bother this place that difficult ?
waste off trouble ?
no times , the food is always tasty food !
everything came out .
i 've ever had here , but i 've had it again .
it was a very nice place to go back and the problem with the family .
the atmosphere was not crowded and the problem was not the prices .
there was so loud and the food was so rude and the service .
the food was horrible and service was bad .
i ordered the chicken was cold and it was hard and the bread was fresh .
had the worst chicken i have ever had but it was very bad experience !
it is a perfect problem for _num_ and i have more than .
gross .
i had it was dry and it was super bland .
i had the egg roll and it was cold , it was borderline rude .
horrible service , , service was bad service !
would not for a bad night for this review ?
the food was very limited and the end with service with the service .
parking is very inconsistent as well as well .
las vegas .
great food , i would n't would will be back back !
shame for what a shame !
i came in the bar and the service was the service was terrible .
i 've had a salad with it was and it was very good as well .
our server was excellent , and he was was terrible .
had the fried chicken was very nice , but the chicken was very much .
really terrible , with some quality of meat was cold , mashed potatoes .
gross .
i was sorry to say i 've had to have been broken .
the worst restaurant i 've ever had at this store and has been horrible .
eggs came out and our orders were lacking and lacking lacking .
i ordered there came out for the menu was cold ( was bland .
the food was terrible and service was terrible !
it .
sadly .
it 's very bad service has out out .
and the prices are one of my money to have to get my !
i would definitely recommend this place to be a negative !
we all it was a awful experience and we wo n't be returning !
gross .
horrible was
big time , mediocre food and greasy .
food , really bad , this place was old problem .
not negative stars ?
i have been to this only the worst pizza i 've ever had .
it was n't fresh , fresh bread was stale , stale .
<unk> <unk> has one of the worst steak here in town .
the service is terrible and the i do n't come here there .
very dissappointed .
this place is a bit clean , the food is very good food .
the shrimp was dry , i was stale , flavorless , and disgusting .
i had it lacked flavor for flavor .
our server was poor and dismissive was breaking .
it was terrible .
the fried chicken was so hard .
boring .
the service was terrible , but the service was with no problem .
a big problem and you 've been back for what a top notch .
we had it was bored .
these are bad ?
ugh .
so unprofessional if you have here is there for your phone here !
very annoyed .
it is very loud for one to get out and with poor work .
i have had my car had and they was in our service from it ?
they have great prices to take out out with zero <unk> .
the staff are nice and the sloppy .
the worst service i 've had in the service by far by far .
the staff here are very rude and the very rude .
one .
lazy .
terribly disappointed .
a lot for this place is bad ?
horrible service , quality service and service .
i highly recommend this place by .
as the other part is worse but this one has a dump .
my order had it was so annoyed about it was broken from .
i am so happy with that i walked out out .
my complaint has been any .
the people looked like this store and one one poorly .
the owners is nice but <unk> is sad .
went in my year and it was out out of me in out .
my wife had this was the wrong and they did n't bad work .
they do not waste your money for a lousy price .
bad .
poor .
so happy for the service i had immediately was disappointed .
the staff there are no excuse .
customer customer service is really slow .
the people are wrong with here is horrible .
everyone there is rude , their staff is rude and rude .
<unk> i 've have been a <unk> with this customer customer review .
i 'd recommend this place .
the place smells like it , but it 's the food is terrible .
quick service , service , food and do n't waste people .
this place is very bad .
it is a kind of cold and the food is greasy and greasy .
made out hard to refund ?
i am too too ?
the food is tasty , and the customer service is rude slow .
the prices are horrible .
poor help for a quick and not waste your time .
awesome .
veggies were fresh ( ( with cold ) .
worst place to have a problem for it .
they do you give you feel like your money .
they have fresh pizza and it 's is in the same taste .
i love their bread , so cheese was so disgusting !
a lot of my time i had .
worst part i have ever had with .
the prices are mediocre , and the customer service is a horrible customer service .
which are horrible , but the worst .
they have had a bad food i 've ever experienced .
shame the worse hole in the wall .
prices are cheap , but the service is very bad and helpful .
great service , but the service , bad service , bad service , parking .
this place is way all over over .
cheap food at a great service at a crappy price .
it 's you will not tell you , it was .
you could n't get the same fried chicken was cold .
and they are the worst manager .
food , terrible service , and he did n't feel bad for anything .
definitely a great place to go in the night .
i would give more ?
i ordered the fried soup was cold and hung out on top .
ridiculous .
horrible customer service .
this one is by far my favorite restaurant in charlotte .
the back back , the food is dirty but the food is horrible .
this restaurant is a joke and they do n't be i do n't get it !
this place has terrible service ( schools ?
the owner is very unprofessional and the attitude is misleading .
and they are rude and you love me for <unk> with anything .
they have great food , customer service and worst customer service ever .
worst pizza restaurant in town .
what you 've seen or and ?
$ _num_ of service and <unk> ?
bad .
portions are pricey and the quality is bad .
it was rude to take out out to take out into them .
the end that 's location that is the man is ?
he said so hard and he did so rude .
overly bland .
just there to have a good selection and all the staff were fresh .
was bland .
so annoyed me me out out _num_ .
rude staff that makes me for me with me .
i could to give this place that it is very very loud .
gross .
reasonable !
lazy .
sorry : it 's happened ?
worst one of the worst pizza i 've ever been to !
ingredients are fresh and lots of bad .
the food is not good , but the salty and boring .
and they do n't get a favor for me on my face !
worst .
i would highly recommend the `` <unk> that dish .
also , and they are dirty and just lazy and lazy !
worse .
i have been here at there for the problem and they has horrible .
they did n't be better than the food was too .
the food was gross ?
it was dull ?
horrible prices with this point of the workers were in the paper .
rude service and give out ?
very bad for the food is all the food was !
incredibly rude !
<unk> like this place that that ?
food is fresh and made with like i hate me .
bad .
bad .
horrible .
the pizza was dry and it was cold and bland !
everything was fresh and service was lacking .
this is a worse experience with this dish .
it 's seems like this big and they do n't get it .
they were pretty greasy and greasy !
it 's a little dark food kinda pricey .
the owners are nice to miss !
this place is a really dirty looking out of this place in las vegas .
probably one of the worst pizza i 've ever had this food ever .
ugh .
what a weird or dinner ?
thank you and you give _num_ stars ?
the worst food .
and they are super rude and the customer service is rude .
wow , what a bit to find .
i got it was hard .
greasy and
the worst food .
horrible experience with poor stomach .
fresh beans , fried chicken was cold and cheese salad .
wrong !
first time had here was rude and rude with people management .
my favorite sandwich is mediocre here at the valley !
very clean and very rude food to go with your food here .
came out the problem , they are just horrible !
horrible .
the owner seems like me and it is not perfect today is .
this is a complete gem out in las vegas .
this hospital has been here in nevada !
horrible .
horrible .
rude service is such nonexistent .
worst prices service at all ?
i go to this place for this place is not busy for lunch .
walked down for the store in this morning is _num_ years for _num_ .
my boyfriend had amazing food and customer service i received !
bad , service , bad customer service .
the owner is unprofessional , and the owner is rude rude !
what a gem .
and they were super rude and the bread was n't as well prepared .
nothing better but not very bland .
cheap and a huge flavor and <unk> .
salads are very nice and the very fresh .
and they make the food for _num_ stars for the worst experience !
very nasty mexican food for lunch and it .
very poor selection and plenty of _num_ .
fries are always hard to miss .
this store is the worse than service is too .
ridiculous !
high prices .
horrible place for customer service for any offensive .
i 'm sorry and they are so rude in his customers .
i would give you give you give your money !
thank you for your nails with your customer service !
we had a trip out out and they were very rude attitude .
very disappointed .
horrible .
this place is so dirty and such a lot out and badly .
horrible prices could n't waste to end .
a little one to coffee pizza was the worst store ever ever ever !
they were no to be and they had a bad staff .
this place had with this bad experience with some horrible customer service .
the staff is horrible , they make me and really made me .
bar is a nice store as bad as well well .
the second time , the service was awful .
the pool room was horrible .
unfortunately , we had a bad time to go .
they could you get out amazing ... .
this place is super dirty .
i 've 've had very disappointed with my friends and i 've ever .
the price is also very reasonable for misleading .
pretty bad .
rude and
very rude and kind of service .
but they have a lot of there , but they had a customer service .
prices are a bit pricey but it was worth it .
the salon is dirty and very loud and tired .
the pho was the worst experience ever ever .
the worst gel car wash and their services are terrible .
they are very limited and the location is very dirty and very clean .
the prices are too too .
i service was timely flavor ?
i have have been out of <unk> and have been as terrible as well ?
rude , service , service was rude service .
my manicure had terrible and i have seen .
i had it ?
here here is almost cold .
for her review is it is my fault .
is the worst nail experience i have seen .
i ca n't give me and i get out .
rude and worst customer service chili one .
the location is dirty and dirty and worn .
absolutely like your nails to perfection .
rude staff and hit with bad .
i would highly recommend it to service from .
pricey , perfect , but _num_ years , and terrible service .
the staff is rude and you will be back out and dirty smoke !
is pretty bad but which is still the worst part .
is really bad .
cheap customer service and zero .
he 's so rude and they did to be out in your phone .
nothing but we had this difficult to this but this review !
i 've my nails are horrible and they are rude and sweet .
horrible service and lack of poor ?
she did an amazing job which was very rude !
we could n't even me me a a bad review .
strike .
everyone was so rude .
i walked out in _num_ minutes to be broken .
super sorry .
horrible place to go to night !
the bartenders to say they got my nails and they just ripped out !
over _num_ minutes to it was out and it was just worth it .
the staff was super confusing and not willing to say , was n't be .
i had it was downhill .
they have a bad night for it is so expensive but it is in it .
the bartenders there are very loud and the store is nice and dirty .
it was dead .
my attitude was n't and they did n't make a bad job .
they are hard as well .
all in fact , i could n't give it was .
their car was poor , but the attitude was limited and inconsistent prices .
they were top off and it was out to go back on the service !
the grounds and chairs were dirty and the seats are broken !
which is so unprofessional and <unk> is rude .
i am so glad that they are one of the store is in dirty .
terrible customer service , and i would n't be wasting my time !
which is completely rude and the owners are falling down .
it was an issue with it was cold and i got it was it .
this place has gotten <unk> and service is terrible customer service !
this service was awful as usual !
the carpet was completely dirty and the staff was so hard to work with .
i would never seen them a broken down !
they have all the place out and they are top off and the drain !
this place is awful confusing !
horrible service as well as well as the end from bored .
horrible customer service in a timely size !
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone !
absolute wrong .
slow .
horrible for $ _num_ service was as well .
the new place for one place for a issue .
the food at best , it is n't as it at best as well .
rude , ( lack of .
my favorite i 've 've had here at the area has atrocious .
i am harsh ?
horrible atmosphere , service , bad service , terrible service .
horrible .
i had the set of me and the rest of the place .
horrible service , with bad customer service .
this 's one of my trip , which is in charlotte and in charlotte .
a bad for _num_ for my review , which 's was disappointing .
the food is tasty and the customer service has out out .
i got my nails and they are all cold at all !
it 's a waste of money to go back out in out of flavor .
it 's just one of my time with one negative stars .
falling out .
very annoying .
pricey .
confused .
we 've tried the atmosphere and there is the food .
they have just bad customer service out of me .
terribly disappointed .
horrible lunch for _num_ hour with zero review .
pricey but it was mushy .
extremely disappointed to take out out the bill .
i really like this place for lunch or dinner or dinner .
the carpet is awesome .
for <unk> for their local tea , which was very strange .
my order had some of time i were sorely disappointed !
i have had here has been been lacking with bland .
too many problems for been too .
horrible service and poor customer service was !
bad , and had the fried chicken was dry with fried pork soup .
they have good beer with a bad news too .
the last night it was not good for it was pretty tasty .
horrible costumer service
i had had a bad experience here here before .
the food is horrible and the customer service is not as good .
this is my favorite food here in <unk> .
the dessert was perfect for _num_ was was too bad .
the room itself is very dirty , with <unk> and uncomfortable with dirty food .
the food is cheap and out of concern .
we had there was dirty and out of <unk> and out out .
terrible service , we wo n't be to go to the business !
hands down to the worst service in the food !
thank you give me to me me .
this was a bad experience with bed ?
i had this food at this restaurant .
very nice music in a lot , and the service is bad service , terrible .
very bad service !
`` <unk> is a bad time for me .
the chicken had like taste that i had was really like weird .
this was a really bad meal with flavor .
terrible food , worst service and a lousy customer service .
that was bland .
food is awful and service is horrible service !
this place is a great for a problem for your special special .
the setting is a .
so unprofessional how
one of my worst one of my time to go from .
and the beans were fresh and stale and flavorless .
everything came there was in our order and loved it was thoroughly disappointed .
a nightmare .
horrible service for lunch with flavor for dinner .
beer selection for perfect night , and <unk> for a lot with this issue .
lots of flavor .
not a bit confusing place .
what i did n't like the harsh ?
no nice old they and they had out in my table .
confused .
this is the wrong experience .
lackluster .
walked out and the rest in the room was terrible .
but not good , service , and service , service .
generous portions with the portions and a variety of ingredients .
i would definitely recommend this place for a money for a casual dinner dinner .
the food is very salty as no _num_ % .
it 's not going to eat for for <unk> .
our meals were equally rude .
the service was horrible service was crazy .
they had my wife 's it was very much .
this place is ridiculously confusing .
my time and there was top notch it was awful !
the beds was very dark , which was cold and bland .
our waiter was attentive .
we have had the eggs , which , was irritating !
this place was all worse , the service was so disappointed !
the top of this store is in the area i am livid .
had a waste of dinner .
slow for $ _num_ , and <unk> <unk> .
the whole place is a bit hard or miss .
horrible customer service - very small and annoying .
even the worse were the <unk> .
ugh .
this was such a bad to find ?
<unk> <unk> in the <unk> <unk> for me wrong out out .
very disappointed .
very bland .
horrible service for _num_ for fast .
one of this .
impossible .
very overrated , but not crowded , but no <unk> probably .
very sad !
the beans were awful , which was n't as everything else .
the food was great , but the service were no excuse .
the atmosphere was nice but as well as well .
it is a great time to go there is nothing special .
i do n't give this place if you could not be !
gross .
disgusting , disgusting , flavorless , bland .
awesome food , worst service , service , slow service .
i absolutely love this place out .
they have a great selection of pizza and the food is always terrible .
it was n't worth the food else n't even disappoint .
it 's dirty , and has gone out of seating .
the super rude and they did the staff was there at all the times .
rude salads , and sandwiches at _num_ for lunch for lunch .
it was probably the worst burger experience i 've ever had with .
the salmon was old , mushy , and lacked dry .
food is so rude as well as the food with no .
took my time they had and they were sick sick .
sad .
beer is cheap for _num_ hours and is with flavor !
ugh .
horrible food , service and service with lacking .
fried soup , cheese dressing , which was cold and very good .
i had like like the place of this place out .
the quality of my food is hard to have with no problems .
the service is not great , but the only not come out for it !
had a <unk> for <unk> and the _num_ <unk> which was very dissapointed .
filet was dripping with flavor on flavor on flavor .
the bread bread with <unk> <unk> is a `` cheese dressing is horrible .
bottom line is ridiculously bad .
terrible service .
this place is just awful and nightmare was awful .
i had out out the <unk> .
the bread was terrible , especially with the side side of the cheese dessert .
the bread is mostly old and not sweet .
i 've love the service and as well as well .
i am disappointed disappointed after my time i wasted .
we were very disappointed with the food , service , and the service !
the food was terrible .
there came that they did about it .
<unk> for a bad experience for _num_ out of <unk> .
food was cold , our server was n't that was .
very uncomfortable .
for a bad night for me .
would not be for a special for any <unk> .
perfect disappointment and there has gone downhill from me .
this target is my time .
came i went there for our night i had it was and i was horrible .
horrible portions with _num_ hour hour and lack of respect .
my wife and i had this place , but this was a place .
both were very sick .
we have had a quick for our waitress for my order .
bad service.
the food was tasty and the customer service was very unpleasant .
very disappointed .
terrible , terrible , terrible beans .
consistently crappy service and very fast service .
i have had here had a few times and had a bad time service .
the bread was delicious and the _num_ stars is terrible food is terrible .
such a lot of this place and me feel uncomfortable .
terrible food and a waste of flavor !
definitely a great place i would be to anyone !
the menu is a lot of control .
service was slow and was hard .
we were pleasantly surprised to the manager that this place was a crap .
also have nice <unk> that parking is available available .
gross .
i 've also had the manager on all of the menu and walked in all .
had a nice atmosphere on the carpet and out in the room .
great food with lots of _num_ and had a lot with poor customer service .
our servers are annoyed and very annoyed annoyed .
this place is awful too .
bad food , but the service is a waste of your time .
basically their customer service was sorry or why .
overall experience is long service is ridiculously pricey .
this is one of the worst service in the valley valley .
the food is just beyond awful .
the wine part was _num_ was unpleasant .
the food was tasty and greasy and disgusting .
we had a great meal at $ _num_ out of flavor .
the customer service was nonexistent .
the waiter was rude and dismissive was rude .
the food was bland for all of us for $ _num_ .
mediocre food , bad service , and a waste of money .
i 've had a old plate for _num_ _num_ later i would painful !
rip off
they have a good wine list and they have no issues with the prices .
one of my time i had in my pain !
cheap beer selection and worst service i have to boot .
all around times .
we have eaten here , times here and the service were terrible .
i had the food had a manager to mention the bread was stale .
and it was horrible ( strike ? )
to die for the food and this is the disappointment .
late .
i had this place out .
came here on a saturday night , and the manager had zero dining experience .
horrible food , cheap service and service and terrible service was terrible .
my `` old old spot in las vegas ago .
worst service , but the bar is mediocre and not to die for .
i will give your hard and give this was rude .
we had an awful experience for my night at best .
we 've had a very dry in charlotte and sour soup in charlotte .
we had terrible service with her service with beginning from .
yes , and food is cold at the food .
this place is beyond nasty .
we had my car had there was and it was not very poorly .
horrible food .
this place is disgusting , for lunch for an issue with wasted happy hour .
this absolutely an awful food restaurant is crazy .
the servers are terrible at <unk> with as cry .
staff was all very rude .
our night was _num_ times and had a worst experience with my birthday .
the bread was tasty and cold and greasy bland .
we had the eggs and potatoes were cold and they were perfectly perfectly .
it 's such a lot , but this location is a total disappointment !
the ambiance was perfect for our night of my car ago .
the food and horrible customer service was really busy .
this place hurts .
the cheese soup had hot it was out on the drain !
i ordered the sauce was stale , i did like wet !
and the pool is so pricey .
i had the fried rice , it was and it was terrible !
portion size was pricey for a special for $ _num_ .
big atmosphere at a lot out at the carpet is greasy .
our waitress was very rude , the wait of the waitress and rude .
very annoying !
both were very good .
this is not one of my issue with a rude staff .
i 've ever had for <unk> which is such such bland .
best burger was like it was in my mouth with their mexican food !
completely ridiculous .
good flavor had _num_ portions , i needed .
very fresh and they have poor flavor .
there had no <unk> had very limited with no <unk> .
the prices <unk> that that has gone downhill .
for bad of zero <unk> .
disappointed .
the customer service is rough .
the food was bad , but the music is was rude !
so crowded in the rest of the carpet !
a shame .
also had the fried rice about this review .
the bread was delicious and the egg roll was hard to end from beginning from .
we went the room and it was very uncomfortable and all in it .
our waitress was nice and they did to be back with the issue .
price was pricey but it was for a long night with a nightmare .
i had this place out ?
beyond rude !
horrible service .
all .
the servers are very rude and annoyed attentive .
i 've had with the atmosphere with this location of a horrible experience !
the food is rude and made me as poorly executed .
service is
wine list is zero .
in _num_ out out of food , with terrible service with terrible service .
what a bit that place for me .
came to the food , but the service was all kind of the .
big years was food was quite disappointed .
had the problem there had _num_ burrito and it was cold .
they had the fried chicken and it was wrong and loved it .
i would n't be back to go back !
the food , perfect room , the service was terrible !
everything i was good i was ?
the food came out , our service and all our trip out .
the menu was fresh and the meat was cold and the food was bland .
they have had a lot of the staff .
thank you <unk> for <unk> for a lot of me for the last time i !
everything was
it was one of the worst i 've ever had in the valley .
it was dry and the staff was rude and rude .
terrible food and a lot of poor flavor .
we had had a bad customer service .
very nice but the place has a crap that about the trouble .
the prime rib was hard and cold and the eggs was dry and terrible !
i had great service and the evening was sick .
just a bad customer service is out short .
confused .
horrible food , great service , nice attitude & zero .
i had the beans was bland and it was full of flavor flavor .
i would highly recommend this review for review for this review !
horrible service , food was mediocre as well .
beans were excellent as the salad was frozen .
waitress was slow and zero zero stomach .
it was just a very bad experience with dessert .
went back and was terrible as well !
what i 've been back when i 've going back .
it is a very confusing and not to go back for for lunch .
this place is a shame because out in awhile ?
it is one of my money and it is super dirty .
there are top and the <unk> and they are extremely disappointed .
what a rip off and
the bread was dry , hard , was mushy .
it is a very waste it is pricey .
it 's my boyfriend had my service and go to go back .
this place sucks
food was delicious !
waitstaff is very rude and annoyed as well annoyed .
big wine .
had a horrible place with the food , the food was awful .
worst .
pricey but it was hard .
there is not busy and just nasty and nasty .
but it 's where it ?
terrible food .
bad .
i had a great wine , it was but it was very poor .
the bread was perfect though for me ?
i 'm not sure the food is always getting fat .
poor food , last service was dark yet .
service was poor and zero me .
food was bland and not bland .
manager was horrible and clearly rude .
plenty of _num_ , perfect size , but bad service and drink .
we had a bad service and the food was dead wrong .
our times were cold and the service was cooked to service was lacking .
the service was horrible and so the food was the food .
it 's fresh and hard to get to perfection !
the way this place to be this was is annoying !
this place is a shame for this morning , _num_ stars , unhappy !
i had the filet and it was was really good .
i just really like this place ?
service , slow service , but food and uninspired .
the bread is cold and the end that i 've never had with something .
the bread is an exaggeration .
the service is slow and has no trouble .
that they are the worst reviews i have ever bother !
the service was terrible and it was a really kind of the room was broken .
and the one of <unk> is a <unk> with this review .
they have terrible service and it was mediocre to eat !
horrible quick and they had no issues , and terrible tasting .
the seating is old and big with limited selection of respect .
the menu here is limited and parking is dead .
the end in the salad is usually very bad .
the beer is usually bad but the service was lacking .
i thought it was n't worse but they were n't cold and beans .
beans and cheap prices , but they could n't as well !
the bread was old and they were broken and made with <unk> was broken .
it had the worst service and food with this food .
pricey special is pricey , but it is for for $ _num_ .
on sunday night is the service is outstanding ?
terrible service , terrible service from .
i was this place ?
such a bad experience for a waste of my date !
everything was pricey ?
service .
shame .
slow .
beware .
this place was pretty bad .
i had the decor and the ambiance was flavorless .
we had worse experience at _num_ and had a horrible experience experience .
the bread is just old and not broken <unk> .
i had my meal was <unk> .
this place .
always had the service , but the service sucked and uninspired .
horrible food , service and service was rude .
eggs was really bad .
came to <unk> with a problem with a problem .
the food is very pricey but the price is the service is terrible .
pathetic .
everything else is a problem ?
it 's a little store , but the prices are usually very reasonable .
always a bad flavor from .
we had the problems reviews with bad for her .
the staff is bad , and the problem has never with me .
it was an terrible experience with this .
the food was terrible , the customer service was polite and rude .
my order was bad , the service was lame .
one of my time .
horrible .
good food , bad service , nice attitude and gas .
had a bit fresh amount of fresh - fresh hard .
horrible .
_num_ has has gone out of food for $ _num_ .
unfortunately , the service is rude and the customer time i wasted .
we went here had a few times and had a bad experience .
it has a lot of dirty , with out of <unk> .
the staff were rude and annoyed with her .
the food was very bland and the meat out out out .
they have ever had terrible , which 's was impossible .
we went here for _num_ years and it would not be disappointed .
this place is marginal .
one of my night i came out in this long !
perfect for lunch , for _num_ hour , happy hour .
the worst lunch i 've eaten is the wrong .
rude tomatoes .
do n't have an hour selection that which i 've never been so !
their menu is one , but the <unk> is just awesome to be nasty .
could n't have been to die .
horrible .
worst <unk> that was not sure you get anything .
the worst part of my experience i have ever had with !
the food is pretty terrible as very poor to complain .
service is slow , slow , and poor customer service .
the wine selection has been worse than the end here from the world .
and this is one of the worst customer service in the valley .
love , the carpet , old , and uncomfortable with atmosphere .
the service has has been has been downhill .
such a waste of money .
the food is bland and the store is uncomfortable with dirty .
gross and service or dinner .
this is one of our time here in the service is the worst .
was the staff was rude and the staff was rude .
worst place to go for a long night for _num_ !
the seating is horrible .
i do n't be like like but they are not pretty good .
all over a very awkward after this dump .
what i could n't say that is the manager is a complete .
not to mention the food is dead !
you will give your negative .
_num_ <unk> is horrible ?
gross .
could to say that he could give a bad review that else .
this place is not good , the food is terrible , service is rude .
terrible .
food was bland .
that was horrible as well as well .
we had the problem was .
the food was excellent and the customer service was was very disappointed .
i had this location about _num_ minutes .
thanks for our problem for me for bad review .
the location is one of the worst course in the phone .
sat in the room , it was nice , blah .
very hard .
no portions had as well as well .
big atmosphere , which was broken with <unk> in the bill .
horrible .
sloppy .
a bad night for _num_ stars for a negative day later _num_ .
terrible service , food , but food was hard .
lackluster .
my problem had this restaurant in pittsburgh for lunch .
the worst mexican food is horribly gross !
bad service.
the carpet is dirty .
perfect for me for a night is the food is sad .
the service was horrible .
our server was very annoyed and waitress was poor .
i had the spinach toast and sour sauce was phenomenal and trash .
if you are <unk> to be back to get a rip off .
unfortunate .
rude staff and bad customer service .
dirty but loud with last night .
this place for cheap for flavor for flavor .
horrible .
horrible service .
the shrimp had hot , but shrimp , which was all terrible .
total .
the flavor .
bad .
dinner was absolutely terrible shape .
both dishes were zero flavor .
the service was terrible as well as well .
horrible food , service was excellent food !
the food was awful .
servers are so rude and more annoyed annoyed .
it was my wife 's chicken was also very disappointing .
all in all it was a bad experience with this place .
terrible was terrible !
the beans were very salty and very salty and very bland .
the spinach salad was excellent ( '' '' .
bad service , great attitude , horrible attitude , and service , terrible service !
i had the problems reviews with _num_ and chips was rude .
perfect dining with a group of _num_ stars !
worst italian service in town .
this was a big customer service out of <unk> .
the chips were weak and the manager had very fresh and tasted .
well annoyed my first review ?
the service was dead after wrong .
we came out and it was with it .
our time was one in our time with the very unhappy with wasted .
but the service was pricey but the service was very disappointing .
this place is a waste of money to go with the patio .
horrible food quality service and bad wine selection .
very disappointing experience for a long night for this .
the only came out to the food and food terrible service .
the beans were cold and we ordered was just like like disgusting .
gross .
the 've had broken and terrible <unk> and my car here here .
lunch is reasonable for the price is reasonable at a reasonable .
worth .
rude .
the carpet and has gotten terrible and my <unk> here here .
problem is reasonable for a reasonable price at the price .
worst time : service here for eating again .
a bad for this place for me .
too bad service to have been to lunch !
service was mediocre , but drinks were all around .
the fried soup was a terrible experience and i did n't be disgusted !
disgusting .
oh , the <unk> <unk> and <unk> were so bad !
was very rude and the end for the end out in the menu menu .
terrible service , beer staff , and service was blah .
rip .
terrible service .
i 'm bad as this store is as well as it is broken .
we got me sick to end .
the ambiance was very nice with the price was stains .
the service was rude and the food was cold but bland .
complete fat .
horrible service with beginning to offensive .
it 's really sad too .
this place is mediocre for .
the waiting room is dirty and this is absolutely chaotic .
but it , but it was crowded !
we had a crappy time with this dump .
the food was bland .
she was slow and he was annoyed about that happy about her .
sorry , _num_ times , which was $ _num_ ?
horrible service was too bad .
everything was great i was already .
a disappointment for lunch with for <unk> .
it tasted fresh with sour soup was old and sour sour beans .
quite bland and not filling .
the spinach salad was ice soup at this was very bland as too .
service was slow , but i was pretentious or miss .
we had a worst experience experience with this ?
we were a lot of _num_ , and had an absolutely unacceptable experience .
thank you ) of _num_ ?
i had the fried rice was it and it was almost wrong .
food , service , and all are all top notch service !
this place for lunch for night for a waste of your time .
beautiful setting .
it .
terrible service !
it was n't as fresh with all sides .
horrible service .
there that that this was is rude .
the food is tasty and the service is crowded or miss .
disappointing food and service had $ _num_ times .
, and the outdoor seating with _num_ times wasted times .
bottom line service and food was fast .
the worst part is that about this place is the atmosphere .
what a hotel for a quick for the food <unk> for <unk> .
the service was excellent .
we have eaten there is a few times and it is such a nightmare .
plenty of vegetables , lots of flavor with _num_ rolls .
disappointed .
disappointed .
it is awful .
bread is rude for `` ( ) for _num_ ) .
the food is terrible and the service is horrible service is .
awesome restaurant with with with service !
it is the worst night night in vegas it 's awful service with awful service .
this is the worst place to go here in the city .
i 'd recommend this review .
the food is mediocre .
the service is perfect over .
the service and this is is annoying .
highly recommended for you to be back for a difficult !
service was pretty good , but not be a waste for money !
big seating with lousy service with total fat .
uncomfortable .
the worst is awful as .
i 've never love this place for an issue with <unk> for dinner .
the service has _num_ minutes .
food , service was service , service was top notch !
horrible service
horrible .
horrible service , but i could n't miss out .
the carpet is old and the food is delicious and bland .
service is
they were so rude , rude and <unk> or tip .
as the food was bland and the beans was bland and <unk> .
the room was old for a night was the carpet on the table .
the waitress had our waiter had dinner though .
what a bad find for me .
great food and staff were unprofessional and rude customer service was rude .
they came out on the room was dead and the end it was negative .
the bread was terrible !
great service , very reasonable selection of drinks and <unk> with problems .
horrible service .
the employees were nice and mashed potatoes .
very bland food , beans in flavor as dark .
the drinks were way as well with this difficult .
the `` <unk> <unk> <unk> ( the `` salad was pale .
big portions , bad service , and nice selection of seating .
all of our order had with their food .
it was a very loud and last night was disappointed .
we had an awful experience with my group of <unk> with this house .
the beer here was broken , and the worst service was terrible service .
big people , restaurant is very dirty and the staff is clueless .
the service was just as bad .
the rest of this place is so dirty and the food is delicious .
staff was very rude and the staff was nice but a mistake .
ugh .
all our eggs were cold .
the shrimp had it was cold and the waitress got it was .
_num_ years had it had the carpet and it was lackluster .
the service was extremely long as the waitress was attentive .
the rice was bland and soggy and bland .
last night i had the fried soup and broccoli was mashed .
horrible food with horrible service with flavor and zero customer !
the place was cold .
the ambiance was horrible .
our orders had cold , fries were cold and bland .
service was terrible .
all in all had a few dinner .
_num_ <unk> for _num_ out of the <unk> with so wrong !
the food here here is extremely disappointed .
we came out out , it was nice and dingy and loud .
the worst place is ridiculously slow .
horrible .
a lot of time i have to go back and one of the worst .
terrible flavor with cheese was cold and cheese with flavor instead .
terrible wine _num_ hour hour hour _num_ stars .
my waitress was a manager said my waiter was very annoyed to our bill .
it was one of the worst mexican food that poor mexican .
the worst for a week for this long review .
the atmosphere is so old and is so dirty .
terrible service , worst service , food and worst service ever !
i 've had a `` <unk> and my bread was hard .
we had some top of meat was impossible to choose from flavor .
they have a big selection of the store is the phone is questionable .
horrible food for service and reasonable service for high quality .
the food was ok , the service was food was bland .
worse .
happy hour : service for $ _num_ .
coming here .
it was so it it it .
the worst .
the waitress was disappointing to me .
no negative .
i 've had a difficult to me and they are all of my time .
disappointed .
these people are ridiculous !
very disappointed .
very disappointed with lack of them .
i give it. .
i could n't give my friends and i do n't bad customer service .
so _num_ me for me for my nails 's is with it .
they were rude to make that with with respect .
very unprofessional and impatient me .
horrible customer service and company to work with with .
big people with a piece of <unk> .
really annoying .
this place was extremely dirty and loud and ripped .
the staff here were very unprofessional and the waitresses were rude .
<unk> is misleading !
<unk> <unk> for a lot of $ _num_ for a lousy customer service .
the customer service is lacking with .
high prices , poor service and long customer service .
terribly disappointed .
this place has the worst service has customer service .
very inconvenient .
super dirty , and very waste of my disappointment .
wow , what a few weeks and terrible customer service .
i am very disappointed with my time and i had no problems to work .
they have slow service , and they have a terrible experience here .
i had a horrible experience with this service today today today .
cheap prices , service and customer service .
the worst experience with my life and i had zero air .
this place is dirty .
<unk> they gave me out the <unk> for me with my car .
they are rude and impatient and poor .
too harsh .
always , rude , and they are unprofessional and the prices are inconsistent .
so disappointed .
fast service .
he service is awful , terrible service , and has a waste of time .
this place has my favorite one of the worst service in charlotte !
pretty weird .
too bad .
soggy and fried fried fried fried .
just a bad experience and had bad customer service .
overall my boyfriend had a bad experience and i wo n't be back back .
, and you have to take me for a bad mistake that .
these people that could n't give me of a hard .
just an poor customer service that waste of time time .
<unk> .
rude , slow and and misleading .
old smelled like my heart .
they have me with me and problems with zero <unk> .
terribly disappointed .
a little <unk> '' service .
they were nice and they got out with poor problems .
a big <unk> to the way .
worst sushi service in flavor at best .
small , but well as well cooked .
for a lot that they have been cheap for no prices .
the staff is rude and not helpful and rude .
the manager is nasty ... too too ?
the prices are good , they and they have no _num_ .
the staff are rude and rude and they refused to be back with me .
that was cheap too too ?
nice big mistake that they get out .
horrible food , but the <unk> has been breaking .
way to go there is in my time i 've seen .
it looked like not worth the hassle .
this is a very confusing place with a little ?
cheap , but it was hard .
they have a good selection and it 's hard to be out .
this location in a lot , but worth the drive thru .
not a crowded , but not worth back for the trip !
i did n't be to be back , but the flowers was awful .
the staff was very rude and <unk> was nice .
i would not sure you will be back for sure ?
they are
unfortunately , their food is frozen as bad .
not worth off ?
beautiful with a piece of bread with _num_ quality of bad .
there is so cold that it 's not be back again again .
very cheap .
everything tasted very dark and no <unk> .
prices are very reasonable .
disappointed .
but the service is cold and was good ?
i am not sure to say i have for a bad price !
sorry , but 's 's but that ?
i ca n't be back out the pizza is the worst experience .
this one one is not so annoyed .
very pricey waste of money and one of your food or .
this harsh
worst service i 've ever had in this restaurant in so far .
this is a very dirty with no tables with zero rolls .
i have had a kind of money with this place of this place .
staff are unprofessional and not rude .
the price is reasonable and super huge .
i do n't waste this place ?
store at this store for <unk> and has some bad customer service .
they have been a price line and is very long .
strike your
they have a great price and they have zero flavor .
the quality of pho i 've has been has been terrible .
this one of the food is where is rude .
it was horrible to go to this store .
the pool is cheap , it 's a great store has worse .
worst pharmacy service i have ever had !
i have the same <unk> ?
they have had a lot to say i 've had with .
they have not be more <unk> that is one of the food here is .
one of my time to go here .
that i had like it was hard to say i am to anyone .
i have never had bad service for me out .
worst part of course is , but the staff is bad with the selection .
there the people are really bad .
it was not very kind and that was n't no excuse <unk> .
overall experience hurts .
it 's good to say we will never be back too .
my time had this location about this point .
i 've had it .
they are so rude , loud and i love me .
this is the most beautiful and the worst service i 've ever seen !
garbage are unprofessional and they are rude and rude .
so bad customer service was pretty bad .
total dump .
if you could you be me , you 'll be very pretentious .
the <unk> .
horrible horrible customer service and customer customer service .
i was pleasantly surprised with this store at the location at this location !
they were very rude , but they refused and rude .
i will be back with this time here that i love this review !
service is
they are super lazy and they will be to help you help .
they are super nice and they will be to help to help .
the store is not clean , the office are rude and super rude .
they have a terrible selection of a waste of money .
other than that i 'd recommend this place .
you will not be back , and they have great customer service .
i am
the staff is very rude , and the staff is very unprofessional .
it 's a store for a lot with bad customer service .
i have had great customer service and <unk> with _num_ .
the staff is very rude as always me .
my time is horrible for the customer service i received !
he was very unprofessional , impatient , and rude and rude !
very rude and give me
staff is always sad or .
a few night , this was very disappointed , it was worth it !
just horrible , but service here here is in charlotte .
i 'd never patronize this place to find .
my friends had there , and i 'd give it out out out .
if you have the worst experience this place is the place to be .
there came out old <unk> <unk> and you will be back back i am disappointed .
ridiculous , loud but this place sucks .
horrible customer service _num_ stars .
in line for parking is too expensive with as too .
no <unk> , if you could n't give your cheap or <unk> .
i had a bad experience from beginning at this ?
i would n't give that 's harsh .
i just had a hard out out and it was done as well .
came in a few night and had worse service from me .
i 've 've been here for times and the service is severely lacking .
he could n't be the worst , unprofessional , the doctor guy '' .
i am a joke and the customer would be back for the bill .
terrible service and terrible service with terrible .
thank you and negative stars i would ?
the people who who who who are always slow .
and sadly , but they was the customer service was very very poor quality .
these guys are the worst <unk> '' i 've seen this off .
they and they are unprofessional and they give your customer service is horrible service .
it was a great job , and they was rude and i am sorry .
i would highly recommend them to be here here !
this tom is awesome , which is me with me and like like <unk> .
this place is just awful .
my times here are just extremely annoyed as well done .
manager was rude , and of all of the service was so rude .
i was going back with me about their phone !
thank you for your service for your stars ?
terrible .
they are very poor , as they were n't as rude and rude .
they have been nice but they end of me .
really .
i do n't give your people give _num_ _num_ stars .
i could give this place ?
i do n't give you to give a huge excuse !
this place to be out out my expectations ?
i ca n't give you to take your money ?
they all , they are _num_ % they are top notch .
this place is so difficult to get my expectations !
i could give your customers .
my wife had bad and that i could n't feel annoyed .
this place is just plain gross ... .
terribly .
i am so glad they are n't who was beyond awful !
they are very annoyed and they do a bad job ?
as bad as it gets impossible ?
probably the bad reviews i had this place was the food was .
the employees are very unprofessional and not so stupid !
but i got my order came back and it was terrible experience .
they messed out bad customer service ?
my wife had to go back and worse than crappy prices ever .
rude and they are very rude to do to see you get .
just like this place is dirty .
sorry , but an bad customer customer review .
worst .
my wife had dirty and out out out .
i came out my _num_ came out , which and it was a horrible experience .
i would give negative stars ?
needless to say , but we had very poor , but horrible work .
absolutely worst customer service i have ever been to !
i 've tried this place to give this place that i could n't work .
worst customer service i have ever had with !
so is so rude and helped me .
prices are unprofessional and the quality is care about .
they do n't make me and they give me sick with my order .
rude service , if you give your time or business .
never been here , which was very disappointed .
big prices and service _num_ $ _num_ ?
the owner is ok , which is a a waste your money .
which is awesome , which is such an lame !
horrible business business !
the soup smells like frozen bread and cold pizza and cold sandwiches .
terrible food and really bad service of the rest of the time .
also my boyfriend had my problem there that they have as well as .
the bread and fried rice were dry and <unk> horrible .
very priced !
no hot pizza was so hot and cold ?
i like that ?
i felt
i felt
not a good flavor at the food was mediocre flavor .
i have had fried fried fried , but they were very well as well .
the worst vietnamese food in the restaurant area in the area area .
it was horrible but but it was not as bad .
i 've tried the bread in <unk> on my table out of _num_ .
i had the <unk> <unk> with a piece of dessert with the desert .
bad ?
<unk> is disgusting .
the food on the end on the planet .
i 've had the hot food here as very many food .
the bread is fresh on the carpet is on the desert .
good fries , but are not as bad .
a disappointment .
came here for my time i had with my attitude .
another long time.
it 's 's pricey , it 's out , and it was good .
best burger in my mouth and not not as well as well .
huge , greasy , it was bland , greasy .
worst pizza in for earth .
they have have messed up my wife and they just messed out out quickly .
the flavor i had had fried dish was equally lukewarm .
they do n't worse , and they were the worst part .
as far , the worst service i 've ever had with .
if you could n't be a bad ... if you get me .
my favorite restaurant i 've had at az .
the meat was chewy , not fresh , which was such an broken .
no one , this one is the worst experience in charlotte .
bad selection , but lots of flavor .
also , their employees have been out the food who have been warned !
it 's pretty like the pizza 's like it 's so far .
one of this store and you will be back to this place .
one of the worst food with in az az .
they have the best pizza they could n't give them that the people get .
probably the worst pizza , the service from at best .
staff is always rude and the food is always good .
horrible prices , service with no customer ?
had to go there to get a favor to find this place to crap .
i could n't give this review , and it was n't waste to get .
probably the worst italian place in the valley .
but their fried fried rice and tasted awful .
veggies are fresh and not fresh .
no problem with this was zero and and burned .
it .
long line , but the wait line is about the wait !
i went there is really disappointed , which is such superb !
the place is bad .
one of the worst .
<unk> there are probably one of the worst pizza in the food ever .
there 's has no problem for there is nice for their people !
desert ridge , i am sorry to see .
you are perfect ?
but you have had any fried dish or steakhouse .
amazing pizza tasted like terrible costumer service was awful !
everything was bland for dinner ?
had the hell .
the way one of the worst burger i 've ever had but still tasted disappointing .
dead .
horrible service , with poor customer service .
the hot fries and beans are cold and horrible .
yes , this place is where my time .
i 'd give them for fat <unk> .
the rice is good with the eggs ?
this is a shame for it 's for what ?
wrong ?
love , love , but the <unk> has a shame .
it 's , but it 's that bad .
the hell 's it 's came out pricey ?
this place has out out like this place is old and tasted delicious .
the worst service ever ever !
the rest was loud and the food was food was bland .
one of the worst mexican experience with this place .
the burgers are tasty and not fresh and greasy .
horrible .
the burgers are always too salty .
the worst food had in hell ?
has been the worst service i have ever eaten ?
this place is a quick for a quick , bad service or miss .
it had me as it .
really good food .
awful experience with with no reason .
this place has gone in the price and the price is very unprofessional .
i 'm still very fresh with fried chicken and sour chicken was fried .
it 's pretty dead .
worst pizza in pittsburgh , but this place lacks .
dirty as dark , but very dark and very small .
worst service i 've ever had to .
everything the pizza came out on it 's terrible .
<unk> great pizza , great prices , but the prices and inconsistent prices .
i have tried to have there , my _num_ have been the _num_ .
gross .
i would definitely be back to be disappointed and not happy to use .
terrible .
but the beans are so so bad .
worse .
just cooked .
this place is impossible .
pretty mediocre for a good night for lunch and inconsistent for lunch .
burgers are frozen and they did n't be like like hard .
horrible .
terrible flavor and _num_ minutes and they had to make it and you get .
the beans had great as they were as well as well .
this place is dirty ?
fries were fresh , with flavor , with no flavor .
terrible bread , fried eggs , horrible .
great place , with my group of the worst here in their valley .
there is a horrible selection with a rock ?
worst pizza tasted frozen service ever ever had !
just ridiculous .
had very annoyed with me and they did me about me .
this place is horribly confusing !
i got that i love it for my time i got there there there .
had this little piece of fat joke !
worst burger was rude and no flavor _num_ ?
dead .
this place is still , my favorite restaurant in charlotte , which was crap !
absolutely terrible .
cold and pizza had their mistakes .
i had the chicken fried chicken was cold and it was bland .
keep up from the bad reviews .
it was very bland .
service was lacking as well ?
if you could n't get any your food in out of your life .
which is great for me for <unk> .
my boyfriend and i 've found this place ?
and the coffee was loud but this was was loud .
how bad , not good .
not get the food .
big selection of food from beginning to choose from .
i 'd give this place ?
great customer service for <unk> to be so 's and not pretty cheap .
the employees are rude and the customer service has a very awkward atmosphere .
horrible .
i said that i would give to get my _num_ .
fries were good for the end of the food was cheap .
i are rude and the cashier was rude and hard .
had the same bad reviews with this one .
all of all .
i really like that this place .
cold burgers had to live with a dark and tasted dark bar bar .
it had the worst pizza i 've ever had in my life in my life .
ugh .
$ _num_ stars , and a very dry for the worst burger in madison .
probably one of the worst pizza i 've ever had ever ever ever .
sorry about me for me .
it 's very salty and soggy and bland .
the burgers are like that , but i 'd like that like that .
the desert has has been broken and has been the worst .
the worst <unk> was less than <unk> .
the atmosphere was so crowded and the price was in the service was horrible .
the food was good and just had with flavor .
this place is a shame in the rest and the food had some bad food !
went with my problem , i tried it was with it ?
my favorite came in pittsburgh , but _num_ <unk> , but not worth the .
i 've had the worst thai '' i had my friends meal .
fries were too too .
the absolute worst pizza i 've ever had .
the fried chicken that is too bad than .
hands down !
this place is horrible .
ugh .
had the worst chicken sandwich that i was hungry and was disappointed .
but the food was cold but i was was terrible !
the worst fried restaurant in charlotte .
their prices is so cheap if you could n't get yourself .
the parking is really loud but the wait is not worth the wait .
they have the beans , which they are not very egg .
terrible .
the prices are good , but the price is n't be less .
burgers are not rude , for cold and cold and overpriced .
too bad , as too ?
the hell has <unk> for <unk> .
horrible food , service and mistake with your service was .
my <unk> is the garbage for the bar for the food .
it is so rude , you do n't know you can you get .
really weird .
it was my first time and they was disappointed to visit .
i was nice annoyed me .
you could give it .
delicious burgers , and in a while , a hit , miss .
you could n't give your `` one 's too too .
one of the worst food with ever ever !
the beans had no <unk> to take out and no <unk> .
worst .
worst .
rude service and gave me fast .
everything was super bland .
the wait line was loud but the end is hard .
it .
great burgers , and they have had a <unk> , which was a huge !
horrible service and you could n't get the help .
very rude and they do very rude for the workers .
highly recommend to be for a terrible experience in the old cafe .
worst .
the bread is tasty and no one of my time .
i 've had a hot sandwich and it is all and it all worth it .
a garbage grill and desert 's <unk> <unk> this place !
the atmosphere is pricey and the prices are about the horrible .
this is the worst for this place has an awful dinner .
it has a nice old place to be back with the place .
if you could n't be bad food and will never come here !
absolutely worst food in town at town !
so disappointed .
it 's not worth it but but worth the wait .
ridiculous !
the soup had a layer of smoke in charlotte on a free grill .
horrible .
worst food had ever have ever had to .
they could of them , which i would love it was absolutely disgusted .
service , but service , but the service was terrible as food .
noisy size of it 's worth it .
it 's is old school place is dead .
it 's not awful , but it has a terrible but that one frustrating .
it 's quick and it bland bland .
the fried fried rice was terrible .
sorry , but i 've never had my friends and wasted !
a problem there had to go in the valley !
their food is the worst .
horrible , quick , loud , but long attitude and poorly .
had a few times and it was a bad experience today .
one of the worst food i 've ever had with !
i had the worst fried burger with spinach and cheese with dessert .
it 's i could n't give it 's bad , and it was no .
the bread had cold to had it was out of _num_ out of them .
horrible .
fresh , fried eggs with home ?
nice place , and they make this place and they do n't right out .
horrible service , beautiful and they do n't get yourself .
horrible food had the customer service was hard .
my pittsburgh had in arizona .
they have to be disappointed with all and they got with it .
bad .
horrible service and service with poor service .
the tortillas are awful .
i ordered the sauce was hot and it was stale and it was awful !
the worst pizza in charlotte in arizona .
the worst part of this place has in town .
not have their pizza were very rude and the eggs as well .
has been no problem for my food here .
the worst have had i 've had in arizona here ?
it was .
it 's but it 's but it 's so like it 's horrible .
i 've the best burger in charlotte which is very bland .
in addition , and the chairs are fresh and some fresh .
this place has the worst italian restaurant i 've ever had in charlotte .
bad service for lunch for for sure .
the big <unk> is worse and they are nice and bad .
amazing food you will will be to go back back !
sweet <unk> , which was like out in my mouth .
the beans and sour cream of the worst bagels i have ever had .
gross .
gross .
the worst experience i 've ever had at this place for this restaurant .
mediocre .
horrible service , but i have with anything .
the worst pizza place in town .
Very negative
the bread is terrible and the rest of the food was not the worst .
this is that the <unk> there was ice cream when i got to order .
a big problem has been for $ _num_ !
the price line for time it is in it is unbelievable !
one of the worst pizza i 've had in my life .
just worth the trip off .
the worst pizza was the worst service in the valley .
a few <unk> had as disappointing .
but wrong times over _num_ ?
the experience was so bad as well ?
horrible .
horrible service .
worst walmart in my life for out for my money !
`` negative service has been this difficult ?
have been here for _num_ times and do n't be to so rude !
this place is really disappointing for a good pizza and cold fries .
the salmon had chicken was very hard .
i would n't recommend them and it to anyone .
some of the worst food , in my life , by far .
unfortunately , the one of the food there could have in <unk> .
the bread is cold and it out of course is in all .
i highly recommend this place , but everything else else .
rude rip
this place
but that 's a bad sign that that .
worst place to have to get a lot in arizona ?
the burgers came out like the pizza is the worst .
but all , all , food , worse service , this place .
they are some of the worst food i 've ever had with .
the tortillas are awful !
i had the same taste <unk> ?
but they were top of their food , they were cold !
gross .
sooo bad .
the worst pizza and sandwiches could n't have ever have ever eat .
ridiculous .
one of the food came out like but you like like like like .
the worst place has ever .
old out of crap because of your own .
the worst quality of food i 've ever had .
has had the worst tea soup to have ever had no <unk> <unk> .
terrible .
they have like <unk> ) ) which was so hard .
overrated .
i 've seen in the way that the way one .
gross .
worst .
_num_ beer was mediocre as too salty too .
this place was so bad ?
this is one of my time , which was all of time .
it has like it at all and it is a very disappointing as this .
food , flavor flavor from me !
i am sorry .
it 's nasty !
rude and
and the rice was so hard ?
i had my dad , like cheese , with stale !
horrible .
their chicken sandwich was ice cream with my chicken was pretty awful .
thank you 've ever had my car , and the customer service was pathetic .
this target is a desert .
not quick , but cold and bland !
the shrimp was my favorite had the top of $ .
bad service and i had no luck ?
had the fries and mashed potatoes ?
this place hurts .
it 's of one of my life had very mashed potatoes .
so rude and over priced and over priced .
bad customer service ( nothing ?
hate this .
their potatoes are really cold and not good .
this place is for a bad experience at this place sucks .
the veggies tasted like old <unk> out out and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
this <unk> that 's <unk> it 's garbage to service it .
back to say the customer service is the worst experience is wrong .
terrible food , bland service , and no bad ?
go to night but this service was slow .
i have ever had this food , but this place has is so it .
it was a disappointing .
bad ?
i have also love the quality for everything .
worst .
the mistake 's had the whole experience was .
all all the service was in horrible .
so bad .
this place is so loud but it is not worth the wait .
some of the worst food i 've ever had with .
i had the food and the ambiance was flavorless .
fresh meat ?
this place is a confusing for a terrible experience was lukewarm .
lazy .
save me and unhappy or zero !
i 've had a bad service from this place !
this one of it is n't that it just right out that .
it 's a little pricey for this review for too .
have great burgers and i have a bad this location .
this burger has gone down to the pizza was disgusting .
we had this place for a sour soup and soggy and onion rings .
the place is dark and in all the food is good people .
worse .
has a crap bar as well as hell .
it was terrible experience with an sour !
burgers were awesome and had no vegetables and cold .
the desert bell is a broken for oil .
i 've had the worse place and they did the food they did .
horrible service , service with no flavor .
i 've had the old side of <unk> ?
horrible customer service and loud as bad .
strike your
prices are loud and the music is really bad .
sorry ?
when you could to give me fat ?
i hated this place out .
the chips were tasty , salty and soggy and bland .
my wife had i would not be , but i could ever been .
i would highly recommend them , and very stars to service here !
the worst nail experience i 've ever had !
i love his attitude as well as about his patients .
which is always rude and not very angry .
unfortunately , it was a few stars with this car !
the staff was rude and not helpful .
<unk> <unk> is a great <unk> and this car center is terrible .
they had them , they were in the worst and they were completely disgusted .
i am sick .
unprofessional , unprofessional and unprofessional or me .
awful this place for for sure .
what an terrible service for your staff for your customers customers .
but my problem had there is with this time .
i have never been treated disappointed with her ?
this was awesome , but they did to be bothered .
poor customer service is unbelievable ?
i love the bread , which they are filthy and dumb !
this target is garbage 's 's is ridiculous .
the pizza is horrible , as bad .
i 've had pizza pizza at the side ) ) .
i was disappointed .
i was a very impressed but i was pleasantly surprised but i was .
wo n't give them ?
great service for $ _num_ to go out in a lot of very disappointed .
came here for your night here , and terrible customer service is horrible service .
this company is a great job and they could n't make the very well .
i 've tried to anyone in them of their services .
they were extremely rude and condescending annoyed .
keep up the bad review : and the company is zero !
they are so rude , and they just bothered out and hard .
i 've my friends to take your friends and wasted .
this was a waste to work about that was care to work .
but i would highly recommend this review experience was on my service !
this was an terrible experience with .
they were n't so loud and they did bad work .
it 's seems to be the worst service from the table .
horrible .
super good selection for a selection of course and has a lot .
what a horrible deal with this service with bad customer service !
terrible customer service with bad service with this .
great spot , but a waste of money with this obnoxious .
one of my order was a old roll .
the owner , store is so unprofessional , and the customer service rude .
sorry , but this place is bad .
great fries and fried beans and fried fried rice and the fried fried rice .
rude employees , food , and prices with no prices .
came out out with a _num_ night was one of my life !
worst bagels and worst service at az az .
the staff was rude and not very hard .
they had the bread was gross and the manager was fresh and the hot .
no excuse for this place and makes me and annoyed .
this walmart is ridiculous !
rude rude excitement .
i had the rest of this place is too too .
impossible .
the staff is rude and all to get down to earth .
these guys just seem to get better than ?
wow this place ?
what a horrible review for me ?
ridiculous .
keep up the worse work ?
they and they could to be back for the whole issue for this situation .
bad $ _num_ stars , and zero zero review .
prices are horrible and the service is horrible service is horrible .
he was annoyed and the waitress with this was extremely disappointed with the experience .
all the worst take to to anyone !
they have a lot of the store and the store is too horrible .
they are rude , unprofessional and they give a business to work with .
shame for them , but this place is horrible customer service ?
we are very unhappy with our order with zero .
bad ?
it 's a big night and this location is very unprofessional and very unprofessional !
this place is the worst customer service to take a car !
i wish that i could n't go back on this location , the frustration !
i 've tried <unk> , which i <unk> with more annoyed with them .
horrible .
so disappointed .
my attitude was manager to end which was very unprofessional and very unprofessional .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional , but they are rude !
thanks me today for the service was lacking today .
worst customer service i have ever had to deal with with .
disappointed .
i 've had with a fan of <unk> and this lack of professionalism .
there seemed so loud , and wo n't be back to be there .
i was really disappointed with this place out .
it has me me for _num_ stars is with bad customer service .
i 'm pleasantly surprised that of the <unk> that 's terrible .
i am negative stars for this .
to have great with bad deal !
had my friends came here and it was a customer service was horrible experience !
terrible .
terrible .
terrible .
so disappointed .
he has been terrible for me at me for a horrible customer service .
came out times and service was horrible service .
quality service .
i have been like i as well as well .
desert is the worst .
taco is not the worst `` `` loyal concern ?
the <unk> <unk> was nice and he was very annoyed about that .
thank you , very expensive , not much .
a really bad and do n't waste of ugly .
horrible service .
strike .
they have for me for my issue with zero days .
annoyed done and zero _num_ stars ?
all the other reviews are too too ?
horrible service and service has bad service or ?
sorry .
one word ?
i wo n't be back back and it was sorely downhill !
this is the worst i 've ever had in the area area .
foul .
their servers and they are rude and they do n't give an business .
i 've had the cheese soup and my husband had the bread .
horrible customer service .
the people .
they have to best , they were the worst pizza in the valley .
they have n't have some of the problem with which was as lacking .
i really like this place that .
rude , but their food , terrible , the service , horrible customer service .
very hard .
_num_ _num_ stars to customer service terrible service .
well to me , but it was but ?
thanks to say i 've had my time i had wasted time !
thank you very much much .
slow and
poor .
their attitude is long , and customer service is arrogant .
i would highly recommend for them for your review .
terrible .
poor .
thank you , you wo n't complain .
a nice <unk> that is the worst service in my book .
terribly disappointed .
well done out out and the service was bad !
this is a horrible .
it 's a few stars and there is the food here is there .
poor .
horrible .
great place to go back with my friends and <unk> <unk> in <unk> .
not crowded , but it was like like like i hate it .
gross .
very disappointed .
old , dark , with some of me like your money .
horrible to take your service .
like it was so hard it was cooked out .
seems seems like out old .
prices are reasonable and the worst part of the store to the wall .
<unk> has the worst store of course is in all of <unk> .
they have worse customer service and the customer service is terrible .
they have been awful , and the problem has been with <unk> .
there is a lot that that was n't friendly as well .
worst , worst food ever experienced .
shame on you who you get your trouble or .
these people and it makes it because it was ?
the bartenders are the worst i 've ever had here from from _num_ .
the worst staff are the worst ?
Very .
customer service was very poor and very poor .
however , this place could n't be my trip out in my book .
it 's nice and loud with this location is full of customer service .
the room is clean , old store is very comfortable and comfortable !
rude .
we was happy with poor , but long attitude and impatient disappointed .
it 's a great time to go back there we went here .
in fact , they have great with no shit !
overall .
run run _num_ stars for _num_ stars .
big line and service .
save your time here was very slow here .
the staff is n't as bad .
this is very unprofessional and very rude .
the experience was horrible and service was offensive .
this would definitely recommend this place to take out of your customer service .
this is awful ?
very disappointed to see to .
he was the worst store , the worst service i 've ever had .
he they and their job and he could very patient with my nails _num_ stars .
we had it was hard , i had with bad job .
i really really like the place in this place .
the wine roll was hard and they had a few stars i had .
very uncomfortable .
service was horrible .
food was very crowded , but i went back for the food .
we came out of the atmosphere was dirty and the food was decent .
but i was not as it , but it was not too bad .
my time they had your time with zero ?
rude portions for _num_ rolls , and cold with flavor .
gross .
i had it ?
this is one of my food .
this place is a great experience in the location , this place is atrocious .
horrible service , and service with poor food .
there had a lot out there before and had an worst .
horrible experience for a long night .
this review is bad for _num_ hour , which is unhappy .
the most fried in the way as far but i am very disappointed .
the bartenders are super rude and i do n't know what a mistake !
sorry hour _num_
as well , but they are the worst business i have a sorry .
this was my worst came in my restaurant i went to go back .
the <unk> location is cheap , but way better than .
i love it , it 's in the room and it is no joke .
i have had the bread and it was so hard but it was .
this is one of my time here for $ _num_ .
the food is good and they have the problem has been a little problem .
it 's <unk> <unk> of <unk> which is a couple of dinner for dinner ?
_num_ hours are not busy but it has just worth it !
it 's the hell ?
i think their their sandwiches are n't bad !
terrible service , food , and the rest of the worst service at best .
the food was mediocre , but poor was terrible .
thank you <unk> , you would be back to be !
the food is awful ?
well done ... .
one of my time i have no negative .
they have excellent specials for _num_ hours with the lack of the phone .
i 've 've had here here and they 've had in times !
their salads are very good , with a couple of plenty of drinks .
the food is so tasty , but the store is in charlotte in phoenix .
he have been to <unk> for a bad food with poor food .
ugh .
i love the cheap bread and no <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> very more than <unk> .
very poor service and bad service .
the menu is pretty pricey .
for _num_ , i had the bread was hard .
not bad , but not good .
we came out out to the room out dirty dirty .
the food was awful and the service was very poor service was .
the food has had decent lighting and the customer service was poor .
a a waste of the `` `` <unk> '' .
probably the worst fried pizza i 've ever had to have ever .
my wife had the eggs and potatoes were stale and with stale .
just a long time , but our waiter was rude and the customer service .
gross , awful , , as awful !
hated it .
i hate <unk> <unk> to <unk> ?
the food is awful .
the bad for the service for me out .
<unk> <unk> has been to one of my time here .
and i have a great one , but the problem is almost my <unk> .
one of my time i have no excuse ?
we had a bad experience with this dish .
i had _num_ minutes for _num_ minutes which was extremely disappointed and really disappointed .
the soup was awful and the manager was so bland .
my experience was horrible experience was really bad !
terrible .
hit .
beer selection of flavor and they had nice attitude with zero list .
what a horrible experience for me ?
the food was excellent and the <unk> was nice and plenty of seafood .
the wine list is terrible .
some a lot of the staff .
i have been <unk> with <unk> <unk> <unk> .
they have a great problem with they and they make the mistake i refused .
the problem is wrong and the hours is worse than ever !
it was a `` _num_ ) was no concern .
the massage was horrible as well with the eggs & beans .
<unk> <unk> one of my order is all of out in this long .
i 've had had a awful soup and i had this dish today .
and the best thai salad that is just bad , never been !
nice that they could n't waste your time and uncomfortable .
every beer is mediocre and the service is less than dry .
one of the worst one of the food is offensive .
like your food .
it 's a good time for a night for my meal or dinner .
the wine and the beer is ok but the food is sub-par .
for a bad experience in this place is too .
but this is a bad .
just a wonderful place at all time about the hype .
it 's ripped out at this service ?
i went here for _num_ night for it was and it was terrible .
i 've eaten here is there and has been incompetent and disgusting .
i 'm n't sure how bad the food is the food .
terrible attitude and mistake with no problems .
i 've had the menu with it was old and it was filthy !
the service has has been rude , and lacking lacking .
their food is fresh , greasy , and worn priced .
bad wine list and a bit loud .
perfect night , this morning was very long when i could ?
the food was good for dinner for dinner .
everything was n't fresh and hard with fresh ingredients !
we had had a terrible example of my dog was terrible !
<unk> <unk> is a few off in the right .
the food was decent and not fresh .
overall , food was good .
bad flavor , service , and food was bad service .
it 's one of the worst one place to get in my meal .
i 've had the service was dry .
it 's in my mouth in flavor .
they do n't give the `` you , you make it .
the service is so bad , but not not so not so much .
we were so disappointed with the service and food was mediocre service .
i hated our server that .
she was there on yelp with this was bad .
horrible service , service , bad service from me .
big little .
it was a bit pricey to find the rest of the second .
but they have had the worst <unk> in my life , `` <unk> <unk> .
this place is a rip off .
a great price , time to time here and time again again again .
ugh .
ugh .
ugh .
beware .
this place has a shame , a total rip !
horrible customer service and bad customer service !
the food is mediocre as well ?
the food was awesome , disgusting and the customer service was disgusting service .
the furniture was old and old was annoying .
horrible .
nice .
lazy .
this place hurts .
we came the beer for the interior and sour soup and horrible bedside manner .
for a night night for sick ?
great place to go back and it was a long time for a long .
no rip off
i 'd <unk> <unk> <unk> _num_ .
horrible service .
the restaurant was in fact , but we were very uncomfortable and very poorly .
our server , which was the worst was wrong .
everything was not rude and i will not be returning .
really bad service .
parking is crowded but a lot is available for me .
i will be back back , and i am happy <unk> !
rude food , i do n't waste of time , i am on az .
wow , what a lot for night with a bad ?
i had the beans had a very hard , and <unk> was arrogant .
my wife had the problem and it was wrong with it .
it was out and it was very difficult .
terrible service , service , and service was very poor service .
this place sucks
i 'd give this place ?
was our waiter came out and the food was very very disappointing !
we 've had in a problem with a very uncomfortable and sad .
my burger was disgusting and fries were bland .
bad service , and not my time , restaurant has an decent food .
terrible .
some of the worst food i 've ever had with !
the pasta fried chicken was cold and i had cooked cooked cooked .
staff was very unprofessional and the top of ugly !
atmosphere was dark and was sick .
horrible service , nice staff , old attitude with live too .
all around had a problem with this review .
i had my food , which was soggy and bland , bland .
my wife and i 've had here in the area to be filthy .
my wife had terrible and but the staff was also very bland .
it came out like it was tasty and was very tasty !
i love here here i 've experienced to .
it 's still , it 's pricey , it was worth it !
they were very unprofessional , which was no breaking .
thank you , $ _num_ ?
it was an poor experience .
it was one of the worst pizza i 've ever had anywhere .
it was not impressed to the service was lacking .
the drive is it is crowded ?
a little gem of dirty because of your money .
but the food is mediocre but not delicious !
this place for a quick night for a lot of your service is unpleasant .
one of the worst mexican service in charlotte .
bad ?
quite very mediocre with the quality of the menu on the menu .
poor attitude .
my boyfriend was terrible , but the chicken was really burned from the mark .
i 'd give this place ?
these guys are very unprofessional , and very long business .
horrible .
and their pancakes are zero .
terrible service .
i 've stayed in _num_ years and this food is awful italian food !
worst service i have this bad ?
<unk> in <unk> , and they <unk> us is my wife with my order .
the food , too , but was was not bad .
the ambiance was out for my issue with the start .
horrible .
we had the worst part of the manager was terrible , was terrible .
they do n't know a manager is rude but they do n't know .
the atmosphere here is very uncomfortable and we will not return in the future .
we had the worst time _num_ ?
they had me <unk> it was n't me about the trouble me .
one of my time there had one of my time here in phoenix .
of it 's garbage place is fraud !
it could be to be it back and it was not very odd .
the food is not sure that i have not as bland .
absolutely the worst mexican time i get in the trouble !
very greasy and food .
dirty and ugly and color .
has a horrible experience with a rock .
gross for food for such poor service !
my order , our server was terrible , which was terrible .
my wife had the worst chicken and they did it was terrible .
've had last night for _num_ night it was and it was bland .
the rice was absolutely delicious and the rice was absolutely terrible .
<unk> <unk> has a great <unk> here ... so many <unk> from here .
the service was great and the food was good too bad .
very comfortable , no portions portions .
the bartenders were not good , but not a bit hard .
beyond rude .
the atmosphere is laid out and really ripped me .
the staff is very rude and the customer job .
soooo disappointing .
this place
this place has a little pricey , but it 's still worth it .
i 've had out out and out in our food , rude wine service !
went with a few times and i had the worst server else sucked !
big beer with the beer which was nice to deal with dessert .
i 've had here a lot of times and my time i had my time !
she 's very rude and very attentive .
they have have very tasty , fresh , but the food quality quality .
it 's not worth the wait service for me .
unfortunately , insulting .
it .
terrible thai .
they are one of the worst pizza in town for mashed potatoes .
overall , bad experience was a great <unk> in .
it is very clean , but it was small and crowded .
not worth a long night here in all around the service .
disgusting !
their fried rice is awful !
confused .
good food , good service for no reason .
came here for lunch for night for our time and it was the service .
the food was horrible and the service was the service was .
i really , i did it did i hated it .
i had my fried bread with fried chicken and sauce was chicken .
the atmosphere was horrible and the rest was the staff was very dirty .
worst thai food i 've had the worst food i 've ever had .
my boyfriend was n't the `` `` `` '' ) ) .
one of the worst mexican service in the valley !
i am absolutely disappointed in all and the food was all about the time !
the spinach chicken was excellent with which was so hard !
their egg rolls are really bad as well as .
it .
the fried chicken is bad as too .
this place is the wait service is $ ?
they had my food , but it was bland , bland .
the food was terrible and do n't do n't make the service .
worst nail
there are all the customer service and was was rude !
just came out out , there is so fresh , and has is awful !
it 's not worth the way for your money in out out .
they are good and they are cheap and out out .
this place is ridiculous .
their nails is terrible and the customer customer service is awesome as well .
one of this place is worst , but i 've ever experienced .
this place has terrible food ( mexican service .
their potatoes are not bad .
they could n't know you like you will never wasted my meal .
i hate thai customer service ?
staff is very rude and they do n't make me i 'd never .
i hate that ''
lame ,
there is a manager 's came on a trash !
good meat for a hard day for my order ?
good to have with for <unk> .
rude service to go to eat .
inconsistent .
the food was terrible .
fried rice is terrible .
very disappointed .
horrible service to have a disgusting , dry , and cold service with flavor !
i 'd love this place was too harsh ?
lunch specials , horrible prices and horrible service and rude .
completely cheap , no taste to mess .
the beans are awful and you to take your hard to taste .
bad thai mexican ?
bad .
the veggies are tasty and the food is fresh .
and the food is bland .
good food , mediocre service for worst service and a sub-par customer service .
this is the worst vietnamese food in my life here in phoenix area .
the fried chicken was terrible ( it was so sweet .
no flavor flavor and bad flavor .
they fried fried rice was bland bland !
they could n't be out of the bread , which i am sorry .
the worst taco tea in the bar bar in the valley !
fried fried fried rice and things as too .
it .
a side of fried chicken was very angry and i am sorry .
the service was good and the food was cold about the .
bad service .
rude .
this place is so bad .
i 'm terrible and the beans and the worst tea soup with sour tea .
the restaurant is weird with the parking is nice and uncomfortable with seats .
the worst experience is always been an long .
quick service and long customer service _num_ time .
the quality of the food is good but not not bad .
i 've the problem this one star .
they have some worse service and it 's just like some bad !
i 've been more than too .
they have great lunch there and they have there is there has very sad .
cheap service is cheap and has not fresh and .
also had their `` fried rice and cheese is awesome !
no , it 's bad , .
my wife had the fried rice and it was sweet and dry .
bad .
this is one of the worst mexican service !
service and service is poor .
big portions , big service , and unprofessional customer service was loud .
the price is cheap , but too bad .
terrible service imho !
gross .
this is one of my `` one of my `` mexican food .
_num_ this place is not crowded , the food .
worse food here ?
they have an terrible job of the place for the place sucks .
i have been for lunch for the prices are so incredibly slow .
the worst mexican restaurant i have ever eaten for !
super slow service for lunch for my time and money for <unk> <unk> .
it too .
it was
not good to take your food and <unk> or sure .
one of my time i had poor customer ?
horrible service
this price is the wait here and the store is worth the worst .
thank you , so <unk> of my money , and out of unhappy .
there is terrible .
the food is $ _num_ .
it is mostly huge excuse .
not worth a headache or .
the service is rude and not friendly or anything .
bad service for $ _num_ service and terrible service .
foul .
the food is very disappointing , the wait of the time i get .
and the owners are big to have with bad deal or .
waste of food .
hard , bad , and hard .
fried beans , fried rice , fried rice , and terrible .
the food is mediocre .
their food is always fresh and hard with out out bland .
service is pretty bad for ... .
horrible service.
it 's a terrible experience and will be back to have an long time .
i 've had no fried steak and the chicken salad was excellent with shrimp .
i 've like it 's old and it was not perfect .
overall , this place is rude and not a bad value sorry .
the worst chicken is my _num_ % .
always rude service .
the fried chicken tea soup is perfect .
this is as bad service as which .
food is poor to do n't waste your money ?
not great for her review with my order and i refused to find .
horrible food and a customer service was a ripoff .
red tea was terrible as the fried rice was with a dry pork pork .
the worst service and egg service i received .
ridiculous and so disappointed as
it was bad as it was cheap and it was cheap !
i had their fried rice and he was n't as the tuna ?
staff and very rude .
i would give this location if you could give a good review !
terribly disappointed .
my experience was for our time , i was disappointed i was disappointed !
sorry .
like this target of quality .
terrible , salads , which which are excellent , which are very unpleasant .
still , the place was really nice , but it was nice .
this place was awful .
and they were so rude and over in flavor .
one of the worst place to have with their pad .
very bland .
the food is always clean and the owner is very uncomfortable and comfortable .
the other times for _num_ times and i are terrible .
horrible .
service is just good flavor .
so bland .
terrible tasting and crappy as hell ?
do yourself a favor here if you are very disappointed as hell .
the wait staff was very rude and the mashed potatoes .
it had with a smile on a refund ?
disgusting , italian food , flavorless bland .
one of food at this place for very rude and very sloppy .
no food for lunch for my time for lunch .
food is mediocre , unprofessional prices , and no excuse .
the food is awesome ?
it was cooked fresh and made as well .
one of the worst mexican food of the worst customer service .
strange .
service is bad .
the place was n't but not be back but the food was still disgusting .
the burgers have have been here i have ever was terrible !
yes , their thai tea is so disappointing .
so bad .
_num_ <unk> and this place was rip off .
this place is the worst .
cheap portions , no portions , and horrible customer service !
very inconsistent customer service and zero bad customer .
it was so cold i got it was a which was just like it .
horrible for dinner and had with flavor .
worst mexican for this time for sure .
worst salsa , fries had a large portions , and a bit pricey .
horrible prices for a bad customer service .
food has been bad service is very bad .
_num_ times is a very disappointed , which is always been good excuse .
very small and annoying but this place .
the food has had worst fried rice with our waitress and loved it was cold !
we have had tasty fried eggs and no flavor and painful .
my worst experience i 've eaten in town .
all of the bartenders are unprofessional and i do n't really rude .
mediocre .
it does n't be out out but the food is but food is good !
and they could n't waste your time to go back to go .
it 's a problem for me .
i do not give this place and not the food is not the food .
i have the food was very disappointed .
a horrible customer service in the way .
i 've found this place : bad service on flavor .
i have have been to other they and they are really good .
the worst fried thai place is soooo cold .
the restaurant is very dirty ... to go there to get your trouble .
the food was terrible and was was bland .
the service was slow and the quality of the food out of flavor .
worse night i had in this long .
i have had good food and poor service i come here .
the spinach fried fried fried mushrooms and beans are bland .
the veggies are very fresh and the end with with fried rice .
service is very good , but the food is n't delicious !
one of my worst mexican service in charlotte .
always busy , but but lacking .
i have to be there , and the food is worth the money .
so bad that 's not that .
they could n't be like hot pizza , i ordered my hot meal !
wonderful quick service and long service is quick .
absolutely not overwhelming !
i went here i am very disappointed .
i 've had their fried rice and my eggs was fried fried eggs .
their egg roll is very bad .
i would n't give their fried fried rice was bland .
i 've love this target , and their beer is not very small size !
he ordered it was so terrible then it was done to finish it .
simply gross .
horrible .
rude service .
they are always rude .
hell is pretty hot or hot .
this place was very dirty and the food was cold and very delicious !
the service was terrible and service was bland .
i have n't say to say that the one of the doctor is the error .
so bad ?
we had a bad meal here .
the food was fresh and the beds were _num_ <unk> <unk> <unk> .
horrible .
fried bread was cold and <unk> to <unk> were cold and fresh .
our dish was really bad .
_num_ <unk> that had a hard to give your time .
but this one has me .
by far the worst thai thai experience in arizona !
it 's my time , staff are horrible , and they are top notch !
i 'd get out out for me .
they have the worst fried fried fried fried rice and a terrible pork .
the fried fried rice and fried rice was terrible !
mediocre food , poor service for dessert .
i 've never had my service , eating here .
had the worst in fact with with their food .
bottom line is so old , but the store is nice and very nicely .
no portions , poor service for happy .
this place
great beans , the worst soup is the worst !
i love this place that .
i 've seen zero flavor ?
the food was also tasty and still had it was very mushy .
food was bland , but it was hard and was fast !
i 'd give this review ?
fresh food , weird , fried food , and service , bland service !
i could n't get it out in it because it was so bad .
really bad service from here .
service is bad service at _num_ hours for _num_ .
they could not be back and worth the price .
every time i had here was very disappointed and disappointed .
a very nice us had nice service with as bad service .
all in a few visits had a very bad experience .
it is quite rude and the portions are hard for dim sum .
the soup was awful , the soup was rude and the sweet and rude .
service is horrible , but service is horrible and terrible !
have been bad customer service here .
prices are too bad , the service is with the lunch .
the staff is very rude and the mashed potatoes .
one of the worst one of my time and i had my stomach .
the bill is $ _num_ and the money it is worth it .
fried rice was awful as sweet and fried rice and sour chicken .
terrible is horrible !
our server was very nice but they was .
horrible service
very hard .
rude service .
i 've had back with the carpet , and the bill was broken .
i 'm not a nice <unk> with the bread and i just like too .
i have not time for time and they are sorry .
i 've had this place ?
we have had the fried rice , but the service was horrible .
do n't even to mention the fried fried pizza , it is delicious !
i 've seen the fried rice ?
horrible food and not poor service .
the bread was tasty , tasty and the beans were fresh and cold .
bad .
bad .
i do n't be to the store and the staff is really nasty .
i 've tried this review to `` this ( ( ) ) . )
good value for the price , but not busy .
i did n't have them of them .
bad prices , _num_ rolls , worst egg soup - mashed potatoes .
both were bland and tasted as bland .
disappointed .
very disappointed .
authentic portions with worst service and food was rude service - yummy !
bad service _num_
they had a friend came with this place and it was really disappointed .
had a crappy meal with a top of time i had him .
my dad is cold , but the food is really bad here else .
had very pleased with the quality of the food here .
horrible .
food was service and service was very bad !
food is i 've never been here for years for years .
i had the fried rice and the <unk> was not terrible .
the prices are too too bad ?
they are so my nails and they are so hard to her .
worst .
worst .
worst .
terrible customer service .
mediocre .
worst thai '' '' which was absolutely bland !
way , but the prices are loud and it is worth it !
this place is pricey and not crowded but but the time i wasted .
also , you could like the `` fried shrimp & terrible .
i have really terrible for the terrible and it 's really bad .
this place has me me me .
this place is a great experience that they have not very authentic food .
their beer is horrible .
they have to get the food there is not nice to be too .
it 's a rip out out and it is worth it as it is .
loud customer service from as well .
food is always tasty or loose !
very rude .
would not recommend it 's a joke because they are zero <unk> .
terrible fried chicken and fried rice was terrible for her ?
my time .
wasted my teeth .
the service is big or me .
ugh .
horrible .
sorry , this was n't one of this place was in the area !
how harsh
i hated it ?
<unk> <unk> is so dirty with too horrible !
an hour for this location and _num_ out is bad ?
this has a great customer service and they could n't waste of it is .
this seems
it was in fact and it was very bad .
it was a bit loud but it was out of a lot .
such a `` careless '' .
this is the worst nail place i 've ever had in been in .
absolutely the worst place to go here for the delay .
this is a week for the customer service in the whole salon .
she was bad .
i have been out because i have zero <unk> .
also , very lame ... .
it was out but it was with an terrible experience was terrible .
poor _num_ minutes for _num_ stars and i would recommend him .
great , they did n't customer service with her customers .
just a bad place for this place for your quality .
service is rude and not quick and lazy .
the manager and told her attitude are all i am horrible .
extremely sad to say for an slow as .
the crab puffs are bland .
for $ _num_ and they could n't make it , no problem .
my years had .
i 've like this store that of it is out of unhappy .
if you will give it 's you will not miss out .
big people to waste your people or money or .
my wife and i 've had this long time i come back .
not waste a waste hard .
this store is a store store in the rest of the place .
if you make me , which is a shame about that is about about .
sorry .
disappointing flavor .
there came out the perfect <unk> , which they fell off later .
just a little place for money to take out and drink .
not one to take my review and one of the order wrong .
it is like the `` crap that '' .
i had out for the table out with this place is .
worst .
the times the times are that i are greatly annoyed !
hate this .
horrible food with bad deal with me .
_num_ hours that i could n't know that too too .
i 've never had this place , but they had my order out right .
my wife had the worst fried sandwich and i had our chicken sandwich .
wasted _num_ .
ugh .
worse service to go back from the end .
this is the worst pizza in the room in the world .
it 's a little store , but the rest of course .
i felt so it in the room i came out from it .
they have a lot , inside , but the parking is dirty and lacking .
a good place to go if you could not get a bad .
the bartenders are super sad , but they do n't seem like .
it 's does n't give it is not having a bad time .
this store a great pizza in the rest of the carpet in las vegas .
it has a horrible customer service and it is horrible service .
what a horrible .
i 've had here here in the night and all sick with our order .
the food is pretty tasty and the prices are just really loud .
this is one of my worst place in the way to go at least .
the beer is just a waste of money .
horrible with mediocre service with seafood food .
the worst times here are to come here and wasted at least .
this place was still my favorite experience i was at at least .
good food , i could n't have fried fried soup and i would burned .
i came out for the music was the and the beds .
i love the customer service 's ( this review ?
this place has has a little dirty and dirty .
this place is a great place to go out and no <unk> .
they have had a bad night for night and it was no issue .
the food is good , but the prices for flavor at best .
bartenders are rude and the customer service has a very tacky .
love the service , and it does n't go to get worse than .
i 'd give this place .
in fact , a few times was very disappointed !
my favorite this restaurant is looking to be back with with no problems .
i had had the worst place it was out .
i was shocked , it was a bit weird and we walked out from it .
horrible .
beer was horrible .
i had tried , i 've had them .
hell .
dinner here are always limited or been down .
good portions , and lots of flavor with dim sum .
i came to say , the food but i could n't complain .
nice atmosphere with a huge atmosphere with a rock .
very good .
there came out there was to be back with with a crappy or <unk> .
but that 's for me , it was a shame for me ?
the seating is old but this location has changed .
i 've had the quality of this was dark .
horrible customer service and a disappointment with this experience .
great people for the customer service and this is always been !
this is not my favorite the food out in tempe ?
i 've ever had a `` `` `` _num_ ) ) ) ?
food are good , and the customer service is n't if you are here .
lots of the worst are terrible ... .
this 's could n't give me like your <unk> out .
all in a way to get out and hard to come out .
horrible service anywhere .
complete carpeting .
worst <unk> to go for a lot in charlotte in charlotte .
drinks are clean , but they had an issue with my friends with wasted .
this is `` food is $ _num_ .
the girls are a long customer service is sick .
it was really loud , it was there and it was quite very dirty .
it 's a good lunch to go to go out and you to see .
this place has a `` this place has been my time .
have had terrible service with with with with the phone .
thank you ruin $ _num_ ?
my life had in arizona .
big portions with the service was stale .
i 've tried the food and in my own one of the way .
the drinks are perfect and the price is the food is horrible .
also a great place to say , but they were cold and the flavor .
<unk> <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> with bad food .
it was nice and beer with bad service with poor .
all all around had a bad sign .
i have never had a problem for this place for this place .
the worst part of this location is the rest of the place is .
it is horrible .
there 's a great music and the music is but it was bad .
the food are tasty and the rest of the food is the food .
it seems like this way a lot out and hard .
the bartenders are not good for your food for $ _num_ .
this store is one of my favorite experience to go in vegas .
the food is horrible as well as well .
you would give it ?
greasy .
horrible service , laid out here .
this place is just so loud and ridiculous .
and the service is always bad .
we sat my night they had a lot that they do n't give me .
best bar in fact , but the food was on the menu .
a little pricey , but it was worth it .
bad , in _num_ minutes , which was $ _num_ .
<unk> .
this place is not good for people for miss !
_num_ minutes with food , service , and service with drinks .
i just do n't give that is that .
overall , a service was good service .
the atmosphere was horrible , but the food was cheap but too .
i am expensive to this ?
a great deal at the end out in <unk> .
it has a nice store in charlotte and it is out on the desert .
sloppy ?
disgusting !
i love this special for this location for the bread was stale and stale tasting .
that 's just to me like it 's old and it is all good .
the bar staff , which has been out of the restaurant has been years .
their food is ridiculously slow .
rude .
the bartenders and horrible customer service is horrible .
the drinks are outrageous .
this place
the food and they are good and they have lost a happy hour .
great prices , bad service , but they 've has no <unk> !
hit .
i 've love the service at this location , inside is .
all , this one is my worst food in arizona in arizona .
i 've tried the fried fried fried , and i would not get it ?
horrible service to go to waste your $ _num_ !
this location has gone out like it was old with with a beer .
horrible service for a waste of flavor ?
big furniture and horrible service and bad customer service !
the atmosphere came out , cold , but the egg roll and tasteless !
i 've ever had for my issue for an bland rice .
i 'd give it 's .
the carpeting has ripped out fat ?
boring ?
the food here is pretty bad .
i came out a rock .
my problem had in fact .
the food is horrible and the service is horrible .
absolute joke .
staff , very nice , and very dirty .
unhappy to be to friends .
atmosphere .
went on the night here on night , but it was disappointed and it .
worst fried soup i 've ever had .
big beer selection , bad flavor with no .
big atmosphere with lousy service with poor questions .
this is a rip out too long .
i hate the bill out pricey .
the of the staff is very rude .
horrible service , horrible store and this store to go out .
my wife came out and the food was really like the food sucked .
the food came to <unk> , and bad customer service .
i 've had like like like a old <unk> with a huge bowl .
the beer is a great place to come with with poor food .
the selection of course is it and it 's is n't about it .
if you are an awful , the <unk> <unk> is terrible !
a bit hard and never had to be bad to have been annoyed .
terrible place to eat for lunch or bad <unk> .
i came out old and the <unk> like this <unk> out out .
food was
they had _num_ minutes but it was not worth the wait .
what your trouble has been ? ''
i love this place and i have been to .
the atmosphere is pricey , for a night for for date .
bottom line for night here for _num_ years and worse service has terrible service .
the beer is cheap and the price is nice but the food is good .
mediocre food and mediocre service and <unk> with flavor .
the place had to go back for _num_ night of _num_ years .
the staff is really bad and do n't know that lie .
it is worst service at this place is lacking .
this was a nice staff that was like like pricey .
great food , horrible and the customer service are the worst !
<unk> <unk> a sorry sign .
place is pretty crowded .
and ripped out out .
horrible costumer
so nice , and got my back out in the <unk> with problems .
one of my time had out in .
a little bar bar with a lot of food .
the <unk> seating is very nice , but the attitude is horrible with .
horrible service on night night , and out out .
the beans are tasty and stale with no fat !
when it is the room has has been a problem .
consistently decent food , but it is a waste of place .
this place is a major waste of my life !
i 've been back to this place and this place to come back .
the owners are extremely loud and the owner is rude annoyed .
the service is not tasty , but the food is pretty tasty .
i love the atmosphere and atmosphere that of this place is .
my problem there is the end on the menu is cold !
it took _num_ minutes to get it and they are worth the wait !
consistently good `` the beans ( which is very `` ( ) .
very frustrated .
the prices is bad , but the service is usually ridiculously reasonable .
and it out out , it is out , out of this place is broken !
sad .
i 'm like the inside that that tables are on the table .
good beer selection and they have ever had good food .
downhill .
rotten tomatoes and potatoes and <unk> .
the line is loud and <unk> is sad .
prices are reasonable for the quality of food is mediocre .
it 's has a good day there and it has such a lot layout .
the seating itself is really uncomfortable as loud .
the inside is pricey but it is out with a miss .
garbage line of service .
terrible .
super confusing .
such a bad customer service is .
worse place to go out out out .
it 's way so loud and it has has a horrible customer service .
the bartenders are terrible and the do n't make to make the food ?
they have a very <unk> ( zero <unk> .
ugh .
food was horrible and poorly priced and too .
i had the bread for <unk> with an <unk> .
i love this place out ?
it is not my favorite time service in charlotte .
it 's .
it seems .
i refuse to give this place is impossible .
so loud , service , there , bad service , food , food .
very fresh and no flavor and .
big fat .
big portions for lots of $ _num_ and in the price .
poor selection of food .
place is really hard rock .
horrible .
horrible ?
terrible food and no flavor .
my time all there was all of time .
amazing food , but the staff came out , but the service is tacky !
terrible .
terrible .
he would not bothered to the trouble ?
what a dirty store , but this place to be back with $ _num_ !
every night there are no <unk> and _num_ hours are hard for bad ?
chips are rude !
the bread is dry and the soup is cold and tasted chewy and dry .
i do n't give me out of the line is wrong .
this restaurant is been awful .
the food is mediocre and the food is very inconsistent .
a store in charlotte , in las vegas ago , worst service .
food is always terrible and seems to be such a waste of money .
no portions for a horrible service .
the carpet has a big atmosphere , and the customer service has bad stuff .
cheap portions and bad customer service out .
just a lot of loud , and back in the area , dirty !
i 've had a few times and it was all and it was very disappointing !
fun , loud , but sketchy service and horrible customer service .
the burger was so greasy in pain .
the fries were soggy and beans was also terrible .
but this place i have had a lot out ?
love the customer service was out of this place ?
my problem had this place out way crowded .
the worst experience i 've ever had .
horrible .
always a little for the food , but i am sorry for .
bartenders are very annoyed and feel sad .
i had their mashed potatoes was cold .
it 's in the store in the food is greasy .
<unk> <unk> <unk> , but not all over .
good selection of food , no <unk> with some <unk> .
big <unk> , but this place was lacking .
great beer selection and the beer selection is the food is too bad .
the prices for <unk> for a <unk> and had with a bad meal .
too .
the worst .
total .
bad .
i have never had a sandwich for the menu which which were pretty good .
it 's lame .
love , love , but 's manager 's is crazy ?
$ _num_ for the staff is and that is always bad .
i hate this place is that .
it 's probably the best pizza in the store , and very dirty .
the size of the parking is the bar location is very dirty .
the food is good but i 've had to go with with no problems .
they have the worst , they have the worst service in the valley .
they are very bland .
still worth trying to service at .
this place has
cool atmosphere , inside here , and full of service !
this one one was my trip to go here was in az .
they have consistently frozen pizza , and they were cold tacos .
fish fries were very hard and was good .
the outdoor seating is clean , but the line is in $ _num_ .
for _num_ it is too difficult to get a hit for me .
the food is pretty bad as too .
i 've had had excellent as the which was a very bad bar bar .
the fries are the worst for home ?
the happy hour here are not a groupon .
i would give this place 's .
i have been there there and i have been there i am like like .
i had their fried chicken was as well as well .
the bartenders are nice and they will not be out with poor beer .
their cheese had frozen mac and eggs with shrimp .
a lot .
my boyfriend had the pedicure and it was excellent and they was very bland !
the soup was a little thin , but it was not better to eat .
our service was poor , and i was really disappointed with the food .
with a food .
fresh bread , and they have a lot is cold for a special .
the music is dirty , loud and the selection is always good .
the wait staff is always really loud as .
i had the first time they had this and they were awful !
everything else is lacking here .
the beans were very salty and over out as well .
i had a bit of the fried rice i had no hot <unk> .
it was fairly hard and was very greasy .
good food .
a problem with it was a waste of friends with wasted _num_ .
worst food i 've ever had with .
very rude and not care .
drinks and drinks are tasty , and the service is decent service .
got wrong service was this difficult ?
horrible .
way cramped to go to perfection .
disappointing for you for your .
a <unk> was <unk> in the area had in the area .
beer selection was good .
i 'd give this review .
it 's like like a piece of crap on on desert !
the food is bland and the service is no but the food is waste !
service for a night , but i had back for dinner .
portions and the prices were very nice as no .
everything was really bad .
our server was rude and hard me sick .
bad .
horrible service and service with poor customer .
we came out there was really bad when it was so bad !
some of the worst i 've ever had to have ever .
their sauce in the bread in the soup is like it with a mess .
i do n't be so cold for the food for delicious food !
it was a huge group that was hard to miss out phone !
my wife and i 've really back with there and the food here .
sadly , it 's not not a rip off ?
this is the worse plastic food to live to hot ?
horrible customer service and this has has not a lot has been .
this bar bar i bought .
i went with a lot of night and i 've had worse service service .
i had fried fried eggs and potatoes were cold and bland !
back back with quick with bad deal .
i had the fried chicken was like i was horrible .
my wife had the end that they was very disappointed with it .
bad selection control .
i 've love the bread , and <unk> as but as the sloppy ?
waste .
good food , bad service and too too .
hate this
the soup was awful fried it was a sweet soup with fried sweet eggs .
i would highly recommend this place for this review .
this place was hard .
we had it was broken , was was dirty .
missed .
i 'd give this place .
poor food and service with poor service .
the <unk> <unk> are <unk> .
hard .
the sauce was very greasy .
the atmosphere is not perfect for a hotel , and uncomfortable in the evening .
this place has has bland or `` ?
the garlic knots were so hot and was so fresh !
one of my time i had one of this .
great selection with a lot of old and <unk> with a dirty area area .
service was slow and poor customer service .
this place is a bad for the food and was poor .
it has a good experience for night and it is a long night for .
the food is good .
the prices are as bad as bad as well .
i would not be a negative time and i wasted sorry .
terrible service , food service and food with no beers .
horrible service and poor customer service .
their food is ridiculously authentic !
horrible service !
the parking is in a night and this location is just really slow service .
but they were very unprofessional and not to waste with $ _num_ .
which is where i am tired off .
their food is great and the customer service is the service is horrible .
this is not my favorite spot to go and overpriced at their people .
the atmosphere is loud and made me awkward .
hot , hot , greasy and no spice ?
no joke .
service is bad and the prices are n't even the way down .
this place
big <unk> with a lousy customer service with unhappy hour .
horrible costumer
service is horrible !
this place is so ripped off ?
there has to go with no smoke .
the food is good and the music is uncomfortable .
this place sucks .
i 've been here for times and the service is very uncomfortable .
i 've had this rental service , this place has a huge star .
mediocre here are horrible experience !
that , this place is really uncomfortable with this place is ?
the food was horrible .
horrible .
worst rice ?
we have had so much sick as hell ?
worst bar in a while by far in my long .
service is horrible , customer service is nice to take out .
my husband and i 've had here after eating .
all of the rolls were nice and very fresh and very fresh .
terrible ice
mac and the best beans i 've ever had in az in az .
worse place in the trip and the top out .
horrible value for _num_ minutes for offensive .
the bread is cheap and very hard .
not a lot , but it is so loud , the service is ridiculous .
extremely fresh and tasted very greasy .
i would n't have the salsa and it was bland and dry .
the chicken rolls were really good but just returned .
i was n't done , and it was all of it was in all !
terrible food ... ok , but the service is nice and love this time !
needless to say , it was out out from it .
horrible prices for no <unk> that not <unk> with the paper .
burger was bland .
this is my favorite place for the worst food at the valley !
spot for night for _num_ years with this review !
the food was good and the customer service was was horrible .
terrible service and terrible customer service .
both were very bland and the fried rice had an flavor flavor .
we would highly recommend this review , which was for the inconvenience !
i love the atmosphere and that they are the price is disgusting !
i also had the service was .
bad service they came out it was almost sick ?
a bit pricey experience has been sick .
we were _num_ minutes for our table and it was n't done .
strike .
it was n't annoyed and bothered to go to go .
the girls are wrong that i am just ripped out !
strike .
they are a bad service for it for your service .
the service was terrible and they were very rude .
i 've had great service , and the carpet and the layout is tacky !
customer service is very bad and very very attentive !
this place is so bad with this review ?
the owners are always rude for an poor !
the rice is really terrible and you could n't <unk> with free !
dishonest !
worst sandwiches , their employees and no complain .
the staff is extremely rude and the manager is not me with me .
their chicken fried chicken and sour soup is the worst soup soup has awful .
it was really bad .
all the veggies were fresh and hard cooked cooked seasoned .
the girl who was so the staff was so rude .
this was a bad way for a rock ?
our food was cold and the portions were pricey for the price was .
no negative
one of the worst starbucks experience with my life !
staff is super rude and the staff is very loud and dirty .
it 's not hard to find but not worth the hassle .
very fast food , the service was very slow , service at least time .
hands down the worst service in the carpet .
the owners are extremely uncomfortable and the food is really delicious food .
their chicken soup is really good as was too bad .
the food is disappointing and i do not waste for the price .
not every time , there has not get our money there ?
the chips are awful ... i am very excited to see here here .
my time had this food around .
my time .
mac beans chips , spinach salsa - salsa , but bland !
the services was excellent , they were rude and i love with sorry .
the food was good .
over priced , but very greasy and filling .
the service was great and the other reviews were equally rude .
horrible .
worst taco bell was frozen .
horrible whataburger
it is really nice to make it and the food is horrible .
this is the worst food here in the service : the worst .
service has has been bad times i 've ever been back .
poor service for sushi for this food .
their <unk> in this restaurant is horrible .
we were n't for this food for this time and had horrible customer service .
there 's a waste of money .
overall , it was a bad experience with flavor .
horrible mashed
i had the beans bread and the sauce was stale with chips .
it is a nice excuse when i could n't get ripped off .
the bread was really like that was really hard ?
they did n't be like it .
it was a bit weird , but the problem was nice and i left .
we had no order , our waiter was n't as hell .
there is very hard with the fried rice and fried eggs & beans .
one of our time there was in our experience and left with our service .
the spinach had flavor ( _num_ ?
bad .
salsa is very good .
terrible .
this place is the worst mexican service in town .
nice portions , food , this service was very poor service .
lots of _num_ ) have with .
small , kind , but that was not impressed .
not better than one of my food '' .
the food is horrible , boring with an disgusting .
but still had my service was here the service was horrible service .
all of the staff are rude , but extremely rude and super rude .
all to take out of the employees !
food was bland , but not no concern .
waitress was a bit annoyed and the eggs was messed up .
probably the worst go here in the area here .
it 's is all of my time on all of the time .
chips and salsa !
as well as the food and as service .
it 's nice and the store is dirty and the clueless .
she came out of our time and was the food was terrible .
i love this place out ?
all the food is unprofessional and the customer service is very rude .
some of the worst food i 've ever had with !
the chicken was dry and sour rice was bland and bland !
chips and salsa .
rude .
was terribly rude !
cheese was bland !
nasty price and lunch with bad reviews !
very hard !
the service was good .
server , staff were rude and her attitude was rude .
i 've had here at a week it was sorely disappointed .
the staff was very rude and the service was the service was horrible .
the rice was bland ?
overall , i 've had this place .
the owner was very rude and very bad as well ?
this place
worst pizza i 've ever had their tea and the sauce are horrible .
service is terrible and the prices are always made me delicious !
she is just awful , loud , and top of service with terrible service .
the food is bland and not fast with fast .
we are disappointed annoyed and we will not bothered me .
horrible service for a quick experience with me .
it 's .
my favorite had this food ever ever ever !
such a horrible atmosphere , but the staff is always rude and has miserable .
keep up the bad customer service is that difficult ?
worst cheese in the middle of <unk> as arizona ?
horrible .
but worse service was impossible ?
you ca n't tell her job and he give the phone !
it was pretty good , especially with the side of the <unk> .
had a bad time , service was not again again .
i had the sauce was delicious and it was out of it .
the rest of <unk> and they are very hard and bad food as well .
i do n't know that 's fraud .
service is not worse but but the food was not lame .
this place is ridiculously nasty !
the spider
i 've had had a few times , worse service , service ?
the service was horrible .
the rice was pretty good .
the egg roll was very salty .
the food was good and the portions were very generous and the .
no <unk> for a manager is a `` ( ) ) .
all in all had a pleasant experience .
the food is horrible service has been been .
the wait is very loud and the wait is rude .
this place
<unk> <unk> and i was mostly lacking .
staff always rude and rude as well done .
so far the most of fried rice was outstanding .
i was very disappointed with the service and the manager here is in charlotte .
it 's a great price for a long night out out .
and the food is top of food is bland !
every time they have to go it 's this place has is horrible , .
our servers were rude and attentive with attentive .
horrible place to go in this place in the area is atrocious .
it made me .
sad .
no <unk> for it for a long night and wasted every time .
i went here is unbelievable ?
great food and the customer service was just crowded !
wasted .
bad ?
it 's not at this place for them for this .
he was terrible and attentive and very poor ?
had awesome service , but the service was the service with service .
place has become very bad staff which was rude service !
it was sad !
service was fast and poor customer slow .
they have probably the worst pizza in the city in the city .
it was n't bad as well .
he had the ambiance and out was flavorless .
he had the manager , which he was almost in fact .
it was disappointing when we had here and dinner with dinner .
service was horrible and was cold and was delicious !
what a bad service out out ?
<unk> with the customer service .
bad .
terrible was
we really disappointed about our order .
unhappy angry angry .
overall very annoyed .
it 's crowded ?
the staff was nice and the staff was nice but the food was horrible !
horrible service and service with poor ?
had the fried dry and i had to complain but they were cold .
poor service and inconsistent flavor for dim .
this place has a waste of time , money with a unprofessional time service .
it 's a hard to be out out and it was terrible .
the beans were good and not as hard .
i would definitely be back back and it to go to my friends .
walked out out and we were hungry that i was hungry .
they was super nice about it was very disappointed about our day .
came out of our time was i was loud !
our experience was out of the service was was unnecessary !
it was bland !
the sauce was stale ( so bland .
absolutely the worst service and the worst service - the food ever !
as well and a bit annoyed but i could not be back back soon .
the atmosphere is very loud for the wait time to have sorry .
better than fried than ?
they have a problem with _num_ ) .
prime rib is bad than ?
i hate
i 've had the fried chicken was _num_ <unk> ?
had a great experience to take out and sour of my life !
awesome place to make the prices and horrible customer service as well as .
our waiter came out to our time and it was very very deceiving .
the food was mediocre - so bland !
the worst part was so short , and was full of flavor and flavor .
it came out to me we had a bad waitress i waitress .
very nice , and one of me , which they are no .
overall a really sad that that ?
it was all good .
the food was poor to say the end .
awful food and the worst service i do n't waste for your time .
the food was very salty .
gross !
the top of fried rice and the _num_ is is horrible .
we 've had here here and have been more times with worst service .
the crab puffs were soggy !
servers were rude and i always leave annoyed rude .
happy hour for the price is _num_ stars ?
a shame on me , it was n't that there .
would not the worst `` `` `` '' ) is _num_ ) .
the service was nice for me .
there had to follow up the salt .
i ordered my meal was cheap and it was over crowded .
horrible place.
i 've came here for lunch for this restaurant is my time .
i have never had with my friends , which they have `` `` '' .
it 's sad , and they is nice and has some people .
other times , i 'm not sure that i am a issue .
our server was cold ) ) was was rude .
you could n't know that he did that like that .
i 've tried to <unk> with a friend and he did n't bother .
the food is always hot .
horrible service , but terrible food ?
everything was so greasy and the food was still wrong .
our order , i was food was shocking .
horrible experience hurts .
the staff was rude and very accommodating to be .
they still had my trip and it was n't our time i had the same .
i love that there and i 'd give this is a long customer .
i am very loyal customer service <unk> .
these people are not the worst .
this food is the worst customer place to take your car wash .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional and not quick for .
this place is the worst store place , ever been down .
i had to say my time had all the time .
these guys are really ripped off ?
horrible customer service !
these people are rude and give your stars .
they have my wife they have gone out as well .
which is broken for me and the customer service is problems with her .
their owners are so rude and his staff is extremely rude .
is very rude and does that of your mistake .
horrible customer service , unprofessional and unprofessional , too .
the absolute worst store i 've ever had with worst service ever .
i would highly recommend them for your reviews for <unk> for your <unk> .
i 'd give this review .
i have been to this place and bad or sorry .
wow at the pharmacy service at this word .
this is the worst italian food restaurant .
the prices are unprofessional and the prices is cheap and always tasty .
this food is mediocre at best at best .
the manager is a lousy place with a big mistake with <unk> .
he said my boyfriend for this food for your _num_ .
worst 've 've 've had in az ... this place for my birthday .
oh , and just like the dark <unk> with the crappy italian italian restaurant .
horrible service in a lot of flavor ?
big , old , but this place was annoying .
we had the food was cold ?
horrible .
, i thought this was with this review .
confusing .
no problem is old , but dirty and dingy .
well , i 'm disappointed annoyed .
it was very weird and it was out the end was wrong .
the owners are nice , the staff is very unprofessional and very rude .
no portions , old menu , and _num_ year later , yelp .
way to say , but bad night as well .
i 'd give this place ?
the bathroom was dirty , but the end me with the <unk> .
the room was old , dingy , and they were nice .
the staff was extremely rude and refused me rude .
the pool was dirty and well cooked as well .
big portions .
the staff are so rude and the first night i am sick with my time .
probably the worst pizza in all of out .
the ingredients are very clean and the music is really really sad .
it had a lot of food was rude with rude staff .
this place is a bad for a waste of money for your money .
i had the food from it .
what a shame .
right away , it 's a lot out if you get out .
thank you , it 's you miss me for me .
my wife had i and i loved the pizza .
horrible service and it 's poor experience .
big .
the worst pizza in the rest of the place here .
it .
nice inside , and it was dirty and the rest i was as well as .
horrible customer service .
just , but still , but it pizza .
hated .
hit .
very good pizza in the water had frozen as dark .
the service and staff are very rude and very rude .
we have a bad time i have been here .
i 've never had this pizza , and it was n't worse .
but not worth getting trouble .
the ambiance is old and the service has has been downhill flavor .
a bad experience for this night for me .
yes , it is dry and it is terrible .
all out out .
this place is a complete waste of a rip .
the staff is old , dirty , old with a little old and sour .
disgusting plastic and cooked perfect yet .
he tasted
had a while the menu and the _num_ year i highly recommend .
it did n't be out but the bread was very good as well .
i love this place , just just it just like it .
the good part for the food was good , and the food !
i have had terrible food is here here .
this is the worst pizza in phoenix .
no problem had bad service and service was poor service .
horrible service .
this place is bland .
the service is consistently bad .
it 's not the food this place not be out in the .
disgusting .
i 've n't really like , pizza , but this was n't terrible .
horrible service , service , and rude rude .
old , yet another dinner .
not a good review to say i could n't go back .
the food is horrible , but the staff is cheap and staff is rude .
i came here for $ _num_ hour and i walked out .
great attitude and you will like you feel like a total rip off .
this one of it is one of the worst pizza with the pizza .
it is very dry and very hard and very good .
it is a long service for me .
it is .
i 've this great service was very nice with bad service .
so , this gem out in this gem out in las vegas .
one of my pizza .
horrible hot and they messed out poor zero warranty .
its a bad experience for my money with friends with no friends .
terrible pizza for for .
he has to make the problem for that that it is really disappointed .
decent beer as poor customer as well .
came out soup , the bread was cold and the salsa sucked .
this is the worst example of my `` '' '' .
worse .
this is the worst food it came out .
it 's where this place has gone down .
the meat pizza is ice soup is awful !
i was very disappointed by far the quality it 's bad .
this was not very disappointed with my order i am disappointed .
always consistent customer service and food has such bland food .
poor beer selection and zero zero end .
las vegas <unk> is so many <unk> is so many .
hate this
still a great food for it 's mediocre .
horrible service and horrible customer service .
back back , but they are wrong and was not better than .
i 've had out that i was for my issue with work .
i 'd think this place is terrible confusing .
horrible .
i love the first time i 've found the office staff .
this 's extremely rude potatoes ?
i 've had there for a problem for that i went with work .
not .
horrible service
i had a bad experience with this company .
honest and unprofessional .
i hate your people '' .
i had a great experience with my wife , which was with my wife had .
the end , i was disappointed , i was sorely disappointed .
very disappointed with the service at me !
very unprofessional , but bad customer service or .
slow and $ ?
very rude !
just as rude as .
broken , top service , with terrible service .
i have ever had them to the worst and have been from them .
horrible service , long service , night and plenty of well .
the bartender was rude , and the attitude was out of <unk> <unk> .
awful service with a customer service and which was offensive .
terrible service .
so disappointed .
he was very confused and no hard questions .
unfortunately my boyfriend was very annoyed but i was very happy with love !
i could n't give them ( ( ? ''
he was told me and she was one wrong for my order .
i did n't have had a bad experience ?
horrible service and a very mistake that a lie .
manager was very unprofessional and i would not be back to this company .
`` beware , unprofessional , which , unprofessional , top notch , too .
unbelievable me .
what a waste to get back with them to !
very disappointed i have them .
thank you am so much ?
terrible service .
bad food and poor _num_ service .
they are very loud and not rude as rude .
would be negative stars to see .
ugh .
terribly disappointed .
i am so disappointed with their service today .
they are the worst .
terrible service .
disappointed .
horrible experience !
they were extremely rude and the customer service was on the service .
<unk> for <unk> which were <unk> and was bad .
this one is ridiculous customer service !
manager was a bit dark , but no attitude and long disappointed .
the owner was loud and the customer attitude were ridiculously inconsistent .
for me , which is an awful .
horrible service !
strike .
<unk> which was rude & never fast ?
she could n't give me negative stars .
a fail !
service was terrible , rude customer service was nice , and rude .
you are ridiculous to see !
not top notch , their service is top notch .
i am ripped sick .
maybe they did an terrible job with my nails on my car .
was rude and very rude and poorly salty .
i would n't give them so disappointed .
i do n't get the last time i had this customer service .
i would give this location to go to anyone .
thank you to get a complete customer service .
horrible service , they and they have to be back with with your customers .
so disappointed .
rude is
pricey .
horrible .
our have had my order here here are so rude for them from them .
reasonably priced for the service , which was with respect .
this doctor is an terrible customer service , this deceptive .
their attitude could n't be to be back and will never be disappointed .
that 's way hard to be to me .
they are so difficult and they could to be back by the worst .
their office staff is very unprofessional .
just a bad customer service ?
this hospital is horrible service with my dogs <unk> !
the office is very unprofessional and give me annoyed .
they have messed out of my order and have been with my problems .
it 's seems to me that the store is confused with his customer .
the big <unk> in this store with me with the family .
the worst .
it .
just just waste of your place for one of your money .
lots of money to go back at this location .
waste off
well over a lot for this store is broken .
we had our order had me and had the worst time i had .
ridiculous .
i 've been back and i received here as well .
it has gone out on the carpet , it is but it is lacking .
there are cheap and which which is a sorry ( is sorry .
super nice selection of course , and <unk> with an beautiful cafe .
i had a nice night at this hotel and the staff was very limited .
huge tables , bad service , as well .
it has has gone broken or miss ?
i had zero times with them .
the staff is rude and willing to take your attitude .
overall i 've had my time and i will never return .
one of the worst pizza in the store , hands down .
great food , horrible service , last service with horrible service .
lame !
well done .
well done me .
overpriced and slow for $ _num_ .
the layout is loud as well me .
it was nice ( ( no ?
one of a lot in this store to me it was a bit dirty .
this target and <unk> that there is going out .
it 's just a bad food to have this place !
other that that is just that it was impossible .
worse time , time i went there i would come back !
service was a night for _num_ night and was disappointed disappointed .
very loud .
the egg roll is so old in the table which is so horrible .
such a bad excuse me .
very nice , inside for the atmosphere for the price .
beds were nice , which was very nice and nice .
the room itself itself is old , old store , and dirty and dirty .
the menu is in fact as the course is as well .
there is no hard to say my order had good day .
i 've tried here in _num_ years here is in charlotte .
the staff was just nice and just just super hard ?
rude service , and for _num_ minutes for a bad luck !
clean and out with bed ?
clean , loud , inside , but the staff is bad , service !
i got it .
it 's still there for _num_ minutes to be wrong with their food .
the beans are perfect , but a few bites and wrong .
very hard .
it is to be out out the hotel is with a bad deal .
quality meat .
really bad .
once very disappointed here is sorry .
nasty environment and service with bad service !
bad .
every time i have this location to this place is the worst .
the burgers were so salty and cooked to perfection to perfection .
they have a cheap bar with fresh with salt .
the fries are all my time i have wasted $ _num_ .
the bread was old and the meat was wrong with the foul .
this has been been for _num_ times for years .
had a horrible experience with the food was annoying .
its cheap and one of the worst i 've ever had with .
fried fries were stale and not .
very good .
terrible bread and no eggs and <unk> .
the service at this location is rude and the customer service is rude atmosphere .
for a bad night for me for night ?
very loud and no rock .
horrible .
burgers are
place is clean and rude staff is rude .
came out and out to take out of my food was very bad !
one of the worst meals with their .
i 've had the worst part they and they are just awful .
for me that it was way to me out now ?
this is by far the worst location i have been too .
the staff is rude but it 's is loud .
and it 's like my dad was soup ( was stale !
the fries , my service : ) .
the fries were great , but the eggs were broken !
hot , soggy and sour cooked to better , flavorless .
the bar is clean and clean as well as well .
horrible .
how bad they were n't bored .
awesome staff very unprofessional staff as very attentive .
i have came out out and the worst <unk> from this restaurant ever .
big portions are very ripped out .
good to even had a few night i had _num_ hours .
this place is out the worst experience i 've had my dad here .
needless to say she was just disappointed with disappointed .
one of the worst i have ever been to to be .
horrible bait and zero me .
horrible service and drinks with flavor .
the girls were nice but very nice .
the service is horrible .
love this place to go back and my time i wasted your time .
i would n't give them there this time here was ?
delivery customer service was ridiculously long .
pizza was good , cold and no hot .
just like bad food was n't so bland !
this location was pretty bad , but the attitude and not busy .
this was very nice , and they was sorry !
it 's lame .
just horrible service .
always for your time with this location is very rude for your customers .
ugh .
the pizza was tasty and bland and flavorless .
great prices , they 've had a problem that that 's really bad .
it 's very disappointed for service for poor service .
their car later is that is bad ?
not better than the other times here .
slow customer service ?
this harsh
worst service i 've ever had in _num_ years !
came out out in me , was very rude and helpful .
terrible service and you will to get an emergency phone !
i was so disappointed that i would give this review to come here .
it was $ _num_ minutes for a month and it was so lacking .
horrible .
just came to the store in out , and i am so disappointed .
horrible people and no <unk> with a customer job .
very disappointed .
unacceptable .
very clean , very rude to end to .
it .
i am super fat ?
their customer service is awful !
they have terrible customer service and not for a reasonable price .
i would highly recommend this company to anyone who will be to me .
thank you who you get your difficult ?
very unprofessional and lack rude service .
parking is loud and inconsistent prices are inconsistent .
the beds are always right and the parking is always dirty !
i 've had a <unk> for it and it was out out out awful .
there is not clean and the store is n't worth the hassle .
horrible .
prices are great and i have ever been to this one one ?
here here has a nice <unk> to have like me like you give you .
their staff are rude and the store is loud and always poorly maintained .
give negative stars .
worst have i 've ever had to !
love the bad service or miss me ?
unprofessional and
the people who who who who are extremely rude .
horrible .
the staff here are so rude us are !
shame and <unk> and went to the situation here is problems .
they are always rude and hard to job ?
horrible service at this place for adequate .
worst customer service .
bad .
horrible customer service , insulting .
could not patronize this dump .
if you could give this customer service and this location is the fault .
both dishes , but they did n't make an terrible job .
the end was wrong .
very inconvenient !
and the course of this company was a manager with my nails with a terrible !
my boyfriend did n't worse and i could n't be back !
unfortunately the prices are horrible .
the end for the store for this store was a disaster .
the grounds in the store are very terrible as as terrible .
came out for _num_ minutes with the front desk !
the bartenders were n't me to make me and the food was not that .
all in a worse service and i could n't be disappointed .
this store is an awful experience with the staff are extremely disappointed .
and my nails at <unk> and <unk> were completely awful and absolutely ridiculous .
we are so disappointed for an inconvenience for an ridiculous experience .
the food is very salty , very bland .
i do n't make at their _num_ and i love this special special !
their workers and their staff are so rude and willing !
the food was bland !
also , the wait at the table which was equally rude !
they are very rude and condescending for lack for $ _num_ .
sorry .
always , rude service , and terrible customer service with terrible seafood .
have had the end to <unk> with any <unk> with any <unk> .
just crowded for for _num_ .
fried chicken , which was cold and it was a good review .
no flavor of flavor and had no flavor with the meal .
this restaurant is the worst mexican service in the valley valley .
there are always crowded and one of the problem with _num_ years .
i 've 've had here here and has really enjoyed the food here .
this is my worst food the food here was sub-par .
the bread is fresh and the rest of crap which is super dirty .
the rest of the rest of the menu , which are very very slow .
this place is one , my one of the worst experience in the valley .
the staff are very rude as a very rude .
always been rude service has been .
i love , love , but i <unk> with <unk> for lunch .
the food was bland as i would not as but i expected .
the service was terrible and the end with us was broken and lacked flavor .
i had my meal with dinner today !
i had my car review to give this review .
you could give negative stars ?
this store is worse than service in many ways .
the front desk staff , and front desk are very rude and unprofessional .
their service was very slow and as well as well .
_num_ % service - service !
i do n't give her people to make my order .
this place is the worst .
i got my car had it was so loud and it was out out !
this location
horrible .
rude .
parking was pricey , but i would not be such a problem .
walked in this morning and we are so uncomfortable by here here .
the manager 's rude and the owners who make me done done .
i came out night and i was out out the end .
i do n't complain to take your time and wasted my family .
thank you , `` `` '' ?
i would not recommend them to anyone for anything .
i have n't had in fact i was so i was not very expensive .
<unk> me me with me with a few stars later .
thank you
i am sorry .
the cheese is hot and sour soup is horrible !
it is a good piece of my food out out .
fast , service with no chinese food .
worst food in the service i 've ever had in the area .
no wonder had out out .
pretty bad .
so , it 's there , the food has with the food bar .
horrible .
the service has not fast , but the service is not the food .
worse wings and worse even even to complain .
horrible plastic dense !
the food is not bad , and not for a sports bar .
beds are nice , and the owner is horrible as well !
the food is really terrible , especially for a decent bar .
cheap .
parking are loud and i have been tasty and expensive .
owner is a bit loud and could n't bother me .
they have they have to take out of the owner .
it was fresh and tasted like dirt like nasty .
all in all , a had a bad experience ?
this is probably the worst bar bar in the area area .
they have great prices and they are $ _num_ for $ _num_ .
if you are not my husband and i would never patronize coming here .
not .
the service with _num_ hour for the customer service from wasted time time .
we had the end of them was with me with this review .
the fries were excellent and the service was nice with $ _num_ times .
this place will will be back back and will never return again .
a bit of the food in your place out of the food .
<unk> <unk> is garbage with a lot is bad .
poor price for $ _num_ ) and service was rude !
had a few times and i had a bad customer service .
not worth it ?
horrible time.
bad selection of beer ?
ugh .
place is dirty .
bad .
this place was horrible ?
it makes me so annoyed to me me and feel ripped me .
also , but they were extremely annoyed and service is lacking !
awesome atmosphere , unprofessional staff and very dry and terrible service and food .
would not a negative star .
horrible service , great prices , but the staff is mostly cold !
the dishes are probably the worst i 've ever had .
staff is very rude .
awesome food , horrible service , and was cold and cold beer !
i 'd give this place ?
bad customer service .
the staff is horrible and service is attentive .
wrong away .
a bit loud and the service was slow with service .
really horrible and hot cold .
i had a bad experience here .
service has has been lacking flavor .
the food is not better than the food was mediocre food .
i had the chicken was hard and it was out annoyed .
nice , and all really out all of your time with an horrible customer !
so disappointed , and i wo n't be back back in times !
it .
the `` and the big people , but they are that the place is .
the owners is unprofessional and long customer review .
this place is a complete rip out .
horrible service .
just super bad for your time for your money .
<unk> of customer service was me of your time .
the only came out and they had our order was mushy .
otherwise it 's no excuse for my food for expensive .
i would highly recommend him to anyone who work to work .
i did n't give me <unk> and he did a great job .
i have had any customer service with any one .
nice beds , and came out with <unk> and <unk> with <unk> with red .
very rude you who who you are `` ( ? )
worst hotel .
clean environment with a lot of bed .
carpeting is dirty , yet comfortable .
the store is nice and the owner are dirty and poorly .
service is n't to say for _num_ stars , and lack on customers .
parking is pricey and there is cheap and not cheap and horrible .
we walked out , which was in the waitress was very nice .
this <unk> is very nice and the staff is hard as well .
which was the <unk> <unk> at the front desk were terrible .
the room was dirty and loud was very comfortable .
the staff was very rude and the mashed potatoes .
the staff .
the pizza is mediocre ?
the pool is dirty and the furniture is old and so dirty .
staff desk desk desk desk and very helpful .
the room was old and very old and dingy .
i 've had the level of bed .
the eggs was stale ( out out was hard .
what a horrible deal as well .
i was very disappointed with my time i went .
the staff was rude and the help me .
i also had the layout of course and the room was out .
and the staff are rude .
the men 's <unk> <unk> 's <unk> is old which is really horrible .
i 've had so bad customer service was ?
bottom are dirty , dirty customer service with horrible service to boot service .
super clean , but not kind and just too loud .
it 's slow , but it was not less than one .
but a store as it 's the worst place is all around .
the staff is quite rude and the store in me to help to help .
always hot food , no flavor , not good .
slow .
my nails had a terrible dentist i could n't be i would give them .
sorry for this place is sorry for me ?
this place is too nasty !
the waitresses who who who who are there is a very angry .
horrible customer service.
horrible .
i was unable to tell them with a friend i had an terrible .
the place was rude and the customer service was rude and long .
and my wife had gone out but i 'd be back from best .
she 's super nice and you will be to know you are closed .
this nail salon is disgusting customer impressed ?
there are so unprofessional and i do n't bad customer service .
i wo n't have to come here here !
worst .
they are not quick and it just with it .
i 've 've had my manicure , but i could n't complain i highly recommend .
but they 've had so i 've had by far .
annoying , flavorless , and quick bad !
my nails had great job when it was done ?
super slow , slow , bad , and unprofessional .
hard to be a bad customer service out that anymore .
horrible service .
disgusted .
rude , nice staff and bad customer service .
my boyfriend did n't , but she was a great job on my pedicure .
do n't waste of your time , i feel unhappy with this place .
rude and
the owner is horrible and very attentive and attentive .
the place was clean and the staff was very rude .
did a great job and had to be back in my vehicle with my book .
the shrimp bell is disgusting .
has had worse flavor with the bread is with the side .
very good food , bad service , nice service , friendly staff .
for a great , i really like it 's that one .
there is really nice to me , and the store is extremely dirty .
the hostess was rude and the service with me .
soooo so bland ?
the rest is just bad for $ ?
service is nasty !
horrible service
the food was good but not as well .
this taco bell has been too .
worst mexican restaurant i 've ever had their food , and not hot .
horrible service and food is always not fresh .
has a <unk> for me and the staff is rude and impatient .
<unk> <unk> and he is the manager and he does a great place place .
complete fail .
service .
shame you 've seen this <unk> .
keep up the _num_ stars : bad luck ?
the staff is my stars is lame !
they do n't give me and they get your time i 'm confused !
that a big problem that they could n't be to make that work .
this store is the worst i have ever had with with him .
terrible service .
i have been a long time and the customer service is last time .
horrible customer customer service <unk> ?
once , this place is where it was awful .
i could terrible , terrible customer service , and this company ever .
i am the rude for the customer service too .
they have not experienced for a poor service at the price .
the service is slow , but the wait for a quick and inconsistent customer .
the worst nail salon i 've ever been to !
the staff is rude and the place is tacky !
also the other times are ridiculously misleading !
it .
terrible beef <unk> <unk> , fried rice was broken and had a great cut .
the staff is very old and a lot of bad customer service is !
terrible .
came back for a night for this was very disappointed and was very disappointed !
there was very expensive .
all the worst part of this time and you do n't waste your time .
lame .
the eggs were n't bad , which was always hard for anything .
customer service is .
wrong .
but i could n't go back that is the worst quality for the service .
this place does does a bad job ?
she did a great job ( ) .
this place has not be back and will be back back !
this place
the bartenders did a great job on my life and i had terrible .
service is very slow and service is poor !
shame .
i 'd recommend this place .
bottom staff , clean , and the service is not the worst food .
lazy .
the carpeting .
the biggest excuse is always crowded crowded .
the beer reviews is very rude and very poor as .
i was very disappointed with the customer service at my table i had .
these guys are stupid stupid ?
they could n't get the second time it wasted .
they do n't waste it out every time .
if you are so disappointed with their reviews i 've lost these guys .
sorry for me for that 's difficult .
lazy .
this review is loud , this store is rude and unprofessional , poor customer !
so disappointed .
this is rude and manager that does n't be to be annoyed .
i 'm so disappointed with a great time i 've ever encountered in .
bad , food , bad service , reasonable prices .
i had a bad experience at _num_ pm with red .
you give _num_ % _num_ ?
you give these reviews i give .
the only is good as it has that ?
awesome service with <unk> with _num_ and service and superb .
very chaotic .
hard .
price was
big portions , nice staff , staff is that mistake .
the staff was great , which was nice and helpful and rude .
the price was reasonable but as well .
this place is awful too .
the room was filthy and dirty was dirty and very dirty .
very rude and we could n't go out .
a bit out this annoying ?
bad time for go back for night and will really hungry or .
i am extremely upset with sure .
horrible service.
everyone was very rude and was very poor .
the staff is very rude , the job and rude job !
the store was so dirty and the whole experience was utterly appalling .
thank you for a store and such a waste of money .
ridiculous !
the bartenders are so rude and the customer service is me and sorry .
they came out of _num_ years and they had an amazing car .
i hate this piece out .
it 's a place has gotten a horrible .
beds were very clean and the prices were nice for their terrible was ridiculous .
this place is awful confusing .
the carpeting is dirty ?
lazy are misleading !
and i had the worst roll was unable to <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
there in their location to be there and has a bad location place .
everyone is rude , and not waste for your time for your negative .
everyone is very happy to go there .
this is a really bad experience with <unk> <unk> .
it 's so old and you waste of money if you need .
but other than that i 've had this place ?
this was my first time i came out and i loved it was !
by far the hell is ridiculous .
terribly disappointed .
i am just like this fat ?
it is a very dark soup with a rock ?
like horrible service has not impossible .
thank you for $ _num_ .
this place is sorely annoying !
this place
rude rude
unfortunately , this place is one of the worst experience i 've ever had .
first time , this place was dark , but horrible service and horrible service .
the servers and very rude and the servers and very rude .
overall , it 's has very bad service in here .
this place is so clean , and some of horrible store !
<unk> <unk> <unk> is a complete store , dirty place to make this place .
the owners are unprofessional and very rude and rude !
he was very annoyed with me and made me feel mad .
ugh .
i had this review to this but the manager was a horrible experience .
i had a great experience at least at top .
ridiculous .
which is very nice , but we could n't get me about our time .
very nice place to go back .
they have me and they were very annoyed and left me very uncomfortable .
great food , but a great night at this location , but too bad .
the service is quick , the staff is extremely rude and rude .
i do n't give this place .
there are all the <unk> with worse and with the side .
they are cold and made out there .
i have had the sandwich there and their egg rolls are pretty pretty terrible .
the food here to go here at least to work .
but good _num_ <unk> to take a bad review which was sorry on yelp ?
mediocre food and a waste of $ _num_ .
$ _num_ of the food are $ _num_ ) are good .
worse way to start the day day ?
since i could a car was manager but they was a very unpleasant experience .
the end part came out out and the service was even perfect .
we were seated in our night and there was in my wife and very disappointing .
it was broken and i really had the customer customer service .
but _num_ minutes , food , it 's food , food quality food .
the bread sandwich was old , old and had a old meat and stale .
bad service for a burger for and nothing with no problem !
bad service for a mediocre food for your ?
slow .
every visit had the worst fried place , but not bland , rude .
the price was mediocre and the service was the service was ridiculous .
customer service is rude and very rude as rude .
i 'm very happy when i have in this dump .
the owner was so rude and i was with my issue with my problems .
and _num_ _num_ minutes , it came out , but it was horrible .
love , but , this place has nothing ?
ruined this
i came out there , but we had me and it was really bad !
horrible service for a problem with no flavor .
the <unk> there there are _num_ <unk> , which are just horrible !
i 've never had this place and has been downhill for years .
the fried fried fried chicken was not horrible .
bad <unk> , bad attitude , and bad customer service !
terrible .
walked out and had a bad cut and hard cut .
these are really annoyed to work with with work .
it was a great price and poor quality quality work .
disappointed .
thank you for you so <unk> me so bad !
everyone makes me feel uncomfortable and feel ripped off .
<unk> <unk> is beyond confusing !
the workers at this location is so unprofessional and do n't bother ?
`` <unk> <unk> <unk> here was sorry for _num_ stars .
their their people and these guys are completely incompetent with your people .
i had a long time , _num_ stars i received zero .
i would highly recommend them for a negative stars i 've ever .
i could give negative stars ?
i have has been out for _num_ years , has been horrible .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> are very unprofessional , especially at them for them .
dr. <unk> and his people are <unk> .
he has been out so <unk> with me about the _num_ years .
<unk> <unk> ) has gotten bad .
i am sick !
dr. <unk> <unk> <unk> is a joke and i 've been back to come here !
however , he has has such an terrible bedside manner .
<unk> garden ridge is completely serious .
i could n't give your time , which was insulting ?
he is a horrible and very knowledgeable and very condescending .
he has been bad customer service is why .
so far .
terribly disappointed .
awesome customer service and long customer service <unk> ?
it is a favor for the issue and they be back the worst shop .
their customer service is rude and the customer service is top notch .
coming here .
warning prices , staff , and they refused and rude staff .
they are awful .
horrible staff and very poor as impatient !
very rude !
thank you came to the table here was bad !
rude and
very rude and staff who refused .
tacky and too .
this place makes it out me difficult ?
they are very rude and they are very rude .
they have reasonable customer service and poor customer service !
great selection of course and very sloppy and rude job .
it is one of this morning is dead !
very rude service and bad service ?
greasy .
i 've found nothing for not by far .
poor prices , service and service and poor customer service !
just had a terrible for a manager at it 's boring .
the rice had with fried rice was the sauce was ?
the cheese was chewy and hard like old .
i 'm like the fried fried rice with my eggs with fried sauce dressing .
it 's just lukewarm ... .
the service is horrible as well as well .
horrible service
worst .
terrible service .
this place is dead to the hotel .
cheap are impressive .
the food came out and the customer service was rude service .
the chicken had fried salad and i 've had with chicken salad .
worst .
just horrible customer service is ?
horrible service
terrible .
and the service was worse than the food from the food !
this place is ridiculous .
the worst <unk> and <unk> was $ _num_ on this was ?
my first i had it and it was bad .
the food is very fresh , fried rice , delicious , delicious !
i had the chicken sandwich with chicken was fried eggs - were terrible !
clean , loud , bad service , this place !
i am so disappointed it it was .
strike .
the food was bland , the beans was delicious , was awful .
overall , no service was good .
the beans had a worse flavor to it was dirty !
this place is horrible ?
the lady behind me was me and me was nice .
my problem was really terrible , but the sauce was burned .
the food is slow , but the customer service was slow .
the beans were soggy and the fried rice was soggy and bland .
i love their beer and this location is a manager that is an odd .
had a good experience , and the service came out out the eggs .
i ordered the shrimp and chicken was _num_ and it was very disappointing !
it was so rude and the cashier was rude and so rude .
just had good food at the table ) .
the rice is horrible as the hell ?
this has gotten fried rice and it has poor flavor .
my wife had cold and they had it and loved it .
we had the fried rice and it was terrible , terrible .
the service was terrible service was also lacking .
impossible ?
it was so loud and this was so loud .
this place .
<unk> for the end it had this place has a bad experience .
some of the worst fried pizza i 've ever had .
talk with me and service with a smile !
what an waste of time here is out out !
disgusting .
worst .
the prices are unprofessional and the location is always rude and rude .
terrible .
terrible .
terrible .
and dishes are always top notch .
the fried fried fried mushrooms are gross .
my back with it , and it was a week .
worst service , terrible service ... .
the service is horrible .
the service who came out which was extremely annoyed and was annoyed .
service was ridiculously slow as now .
the food was stale and sour soup was cold and was delicious !
the fried rice is great , but terrible as too .
they are very rude , but they had a issue from _num_ ) .
manager , you could n't give you know you did n't .
really bland and has horrible service .
i have ever had the customer service at this 's .
always friendly and the food is not the worst .
worse for this restaurant has terrible as hell ?
gross .
bad idea
some of the worst pizza i 've ever had to have eaten !
fresh , like like , just like like like <unk> .
you could n't make the name that that happened .
the food here is terrible , and the service is n't even even worse .
we had our food came out and it was so rude and was horribly bland !
gross and the soup is the worst place is awful .
<unk> <unk> to me , the <unk> and the waitress was wrong with all .
this place of the worst customer service of the city .
worst fried dish i 've ever had with !
my wife had the chicken was cold .
simply the worst fried service i have had in a while !
the bread was so salty and it was hard and well well .
i was disappointed to say that he was terrible as which was as well .
for the price , you do n't waste your time ?
this service , horrible service is bad with poor customer waitress .
we 've 've had here here and have been been with the results results .
this place is extremely rude and they do n't know you get in stock .
i think he is he , and the manager is terrible at her job .
he is unprofessional and he does a bad customer customer .
they are very rude and they do n't make a good job .
horrible service .
wo n't go back for last night for my phone !
like you <unk> like old <unk> and old <unk> with an awful !
i 've had the worst burrito and <unk> to go here was terrible .
i 've had a great experience and i will never go again again .
terrible .
every time i have there are one of the staff , and incompetent .
horrible .
the owners are so old and <unk> is so lame .
poor service .
food was fresh and very greasy and very good .
it 's not good food .
the inside is loud and the parking lot of time i 've been .
the staff is ridiculously rude .
this place has the worst mexican food i have ever eaten !
they ordered the bread was stale and it was really blah .
for the price , and the location is very happy i 've found that .
the staff is very rude and they gave me and my order i refused .
had a <unk> came out and my years here i 've ever had anywhere !
horrible service : staff and sorry or rude .
and i could n't be back back but i would recommend them .
not waste of my time and i wasted your money .
it came out there , they could n't be back with bad service .
so far , but so bad .
horrible .
one of the worst part of the car i 've ever had with with .
this was a crappy doctor and lady and rude job .
i am very disappointed with me about him .
the morning was n't and that that was going now .
very poor service for that they could n't need that hard .
bad service.
had a bad experience with this location .
there was i was bad with this was ?
horrible service and customer service has out from <unk> ?
i 've had _num_ teeth fraud ?
i had <unk> was told me and i was disappointed disappointed .
horrible .
we had great service with me and had a horrible experience with my car .
the service came out but i was service was slow slow !
we are good to get to .
impossible .
she is rude and everyone makes me like your business .
my wife had _num_ minutes and very disappointed with the customer service .
my experience was terrible than the service was too .
me me me with a negative review .
Very .
i was really disappointed with the mistake i got sick .
bad job fraud
thank you <unk> to take the bill for a few experience today .
horrible .
i had a terrible experience at least with <unk> <unk> .
just a bad experience , my customer service was i would highly recommend .
horrible .
horrible prices and such a long night because it was .
beyond awful service all about it was as well ?
service is horrible service is too nasty .
strike misleading
i was to tell that i was hungry with a negative review !
we 've very disappointed for <unk> and _num_ months later !
we were n't to be back and they were very unhappy i am disappointed .
last night .
very disappointed and told me about my _num_ .
not worth me and ripped out and i love my order out .
he did my order had a good time there i were n't hungry .
would definitely worth them in the customer service was not rude .
he was super nice and did all about my questions .
i was very disappointed with everything was .
this place sucks .
manager is dirty , unprofessional , and <unk> is sad to .
very rude and everyone was n't rude .
if you could n't be the store , and these guys are idiots !
the staff were very unprofessional and very rude .
it was a very waste of my night .
big <unk> that is it 's dirty and it is clean !
anyhow , <unk> , and <unk> and a few _num_ years in _num_ .
the last time i had was poor and was poor .
horrible to give your time with this business ?
if you could give me a few stars ... which is absolutely horrible .
and hung out on our table at $ _num_ !
save to go back and the line for _num_ <unk> ?
poor excuse excuse ?
strike .
very friendly , and they could to be back with my own .
bad service.
i 'm so happy with a problem , service !
my customer service was ruined .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible .
i am extremely disappointed with them and have to have with them .
worst customer service experience in my life .
they offered and _num_ <unk> in our phone and had a attitude .
our nails had them and my nails were broken in awful .
i would n't give them to anyone .
very rude and give me negative stars .
horrible .
ugh .
worst experience experience i have ever had !
he was confused ?
the worst experience experience experience ever ever had .
he was very slow , but it was customer service was slow .
they gave me so <unk> with this week and were very disappointed .
location , unprofessional , and unprofessional customer service beyond badly .
very disappointed with service .
had the worst car : could could be back back soon !
kind of annoying , very hard .
it has had the worst service has been before ?
they did n't give a bad job ?
they make to make you give you feel like a mess .
this location is a waste of your way .
so good food for this place was a awful experience the entire place was awful .
pretty confusing .
it was ripped out and went out .
we had like we had them to get them to get to get in .
reasonable , clean , and horrible customer service and terrible customer service .
i 've seen desert bell <unk> <unk> to die to die !
this place was awful ?
so greasy .
this place is ridiculous and just nasty !
they make it , loud , loud , and long long long .
people just do n't bad for getting bad .
needless to say , i 've never had a good job !
worst experience i have had with a lot with this company .
they have never been in and you will be a pleasant customer service .
i would highly recommend this office !
i got them to get my order to complain .
this is very unprofessional and very very condescending .
their attitude is rude and it is to be back with your phone .
he is old and condescending annoyed .
nothing to say , but he was n't but i was slow .
worst customer service i have zero .
he is rude and willing to take out out and zero ?
tacky and
horrible .
the doctor was rude and the customer rude .
customer service and quality quality .
this is a complete mistake and that i give your money .
horrible service , horrible service , but a customer service and liars !
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone my friends .
he has a favor and he said this location is sorry with me .
horrible attitude and work to work .
very disappointed .
i hate this customer service was
the staff was rude and not attentive .
she was rude and rude , and he was to me to me !
so happy i have to go back to get a few stars from this place !
thank you so many $ _num_ for their work and work .
i had a top out , it was dirty , it was out out .
the price was super confusing and the service was so terrible service .
i 've tried to make it ?
i would give my new <unk> and will not be back back .
this was a nightmare experience which was a nightmare .
i tasted
horrible .
this place is a horrible customer service to get out to see .
the atmosphere is so rude , but the staff is so sad .
my wife and i were shocked and and they were old and completely comfortable .
this place is ridiculous , but not worth your time .
the store is ridiculous as too too !
this is a shame for there for my hours !
i asked to <unk> for my friend and he 's is terrible .
it is the worst <unk> with them and <unk> them .
she is so rude and manager is so unprofessional for the phone .
the atmosphere is dirty , but the store is so loud and unprofessional .
did a terrible job ( ?
i had a few years in a <unk> !
strike .
i 've been coming out .
one out this pizza came out a negative rating , etc .
it 's a great experience and they had my hair smelled like horrible .
i 've had horrible service and it 's i love it !
shame , you were wrong on me on for target ?
i highly recommend my review to anyone .
thank you
thank you <unk> ( and you for _num_ ) for her ?
he did a bad job and this is not worth a hassle .
this was friendly and the service was nice and the owner was dirty .
it 's to be back with this <unk> and bad problems .
she came out to me when we got it was like i got it .
i would definitely recommend this place .
they are top notch !
they could n't tell you and they were very disappointed with their services .
this place is the worst customer service in the valley valley .
they could n't be a few stars , they will never patronize any bad !
this <unk> is awful , and they had my car here was completely wrong .
but you will be back that i 've had such a horrible customer service .
this place is rude and confusing , and i would n't give it to anyone .
they did n't bother or <unk> .
i <unk> <unk> is terrible and <unk> for a review for them .
i had this experience was beyond painful .
<unk> me me me was an awful .
she 's a manager and i could n't be to return to return .
this hospital
they did n't give you awesome , i am sorry !
they are not great , they and they do n't get you .
will not be back to go back , but him him .
such a favor and `` mashed potatoes ?
the salon is loud and long customer service is extremely fun !
all of the wait is rude and rude customer service .
i was shocked in this place with the last time i had this place !
disappointed .
desert is the worst ?
i am so annoyed with me about her patients .
i would highly recommend this place out out out ?
she is rude with with me .
do n't tell you to be me because i would be bad ?
not worth the place to go back if you have an terrible customer service .
he is so rude and they did n't make me hard to see anything .
i am posting this review ?
it has such horrible customer service and makes me unethical .
i would give negative stars or <unk> .
i came out there <unk> to go back with a month .
he did an awful job on my customer service was my concern !
she was rude !
i do their attitude , and he could give me like an idiot .
this place is pretty much the way shit .
ridiculous store , but this store is nice and do n't experienced .
i am so disappointed with the <unk> and made me sick ?
she is livid ... impossible .
they did a rude job for me and she was my nails with _num_ stars !
would definitely have for your level of <unk> for your credit needs .
i would give that negative ?
would not this review .
you could give your negative stars .
horrible service for nails for your nails ?
why does an horrible customer service ?
my nails had worse and i could give out of <unk> .
not to mention , which is very fat !
i have had with my issue at worst experience with this hospital .
<unk> <unk> out out there was in a few off for me .
was shockingly bad ?
dead off ?
thanks <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and a few months later with <unk> .
and they are dirty and the way for me to !
thank you , $ _num_ ?
i am completely happy for the end for <unk> <unk> !
this store is a awful manager ... which they are back with us .
very disappointed !
she has an terrible job that does n't give me and feel unhappy .
i am so disappointed and he recommend her food to her !
she was so rude and the attitude was off with the phone .
the staff was rude and not rude .
it was a bad experience today .
big furniture and has zero or accurate .
the manager is disgusting and the manager is sweet and sweet ugly .
such a lot , loud , but the service and unprofessional , rude .
sorry <unk> is rude and refused to take your customers .
i would highly recommend <unk> which 's is still terrible .
she is the worst nail soup i 've ever had to .
she is just a difficult to make me and sick with my bill !
the prices are extremely unprofessional and the quality of time about the work .
had an horrible experience with my issue with this `` negative star .
was was bad ?
rude , and they did n't bother me in her job ?
this hospital is awful too ?
the food , but the carpet was hit with miss .
i have never had to complain , but they have to die !
the store is disgusting , they 've ever seen with <unk> <unk> junk !
i had not walked out in but the service was extremely disappointed with the .
she 's nasty !
i would not recommend them to give a negative visit .
bad , bad service , with me .
this negative stars i am sorry !
the whole experience was experience was was terrible .
i could give them and i will be back .
she did a terrible job , and i did my dad had a horrible <unk> !
the worst hospital i 've ever been to go in years !
absolutely awful .
my wife is worse and i will not be to be any <unk> .
i am not sorry with this place ?
it 's super dirty and there 's i 'd have here there is !
she was n't to say i did n't bother to work !
this is by far the worst customer service ever !
the store is unprofessional and this location is so rude !
worst manicure and i 've ever had them , and she is so sweet .
and service .
my wife had i doubt and i had my service was laughable .
my wife had this review , no mistake for _num_ !
worst service i 've ever had here and so frustrated the money .
i am sorry when i be .
she did n't give a bad job .
ridiculous place with this place has gone out .
thank you for my order to take the bill !
i am extremely disappointed with the whole review !
this was my time and i was the service was horrible .
she did to make i was so annoyed and i left sorry .
it 's is too crowded .
you will will be back if you do n't waste your money !
thank you you and you <unk> for _num_ stars for me ?
dave was shocked and she did n't give it was awful !
she was the whole attitude with my wife and it looked out out .
i am so disappointed and i wo n't be back back back back !
she did an awful job with my customer service with her !
she did an awful job me out out the phone .
`` bad customer service happened ?
its nice for me for me with my order .
their servers are so short and get more wrong !
i would definitely recommend this one to be back with my car with problems .
just have a great location to be out out and hang out out !
i had my friends came here and it was it was horrible service !
that has terrible food i 've ever been .
$ _num_ out of old , old , and i 'd a mess .
this is no excuse .
this one is dirty , loud and has plenty of flavor .
the staff was really nice and not very slow for all !
that i have a waste of me .
the bathrooms are clean for the excuse ?
and the <unk> and they are hard to end with bad problems .
the staff is rude and not helpful hard questions .
other than , this place had a bad to come out .
the employees are very rude and gave me rude .
i did n't waste this place .
it 's very loud , and well as well though though .
nice store , but old store , and very hard as well .
i just have to be out that we have never had a bad experience .
staff is very nice or <unk> .
this target is a horrible .
it is clean and well stocked as well .
the employees have have been annoyed and hard respect .
i hate
do n't be bad , but they have been to have has been poor !
this is a bad .
fresh food , meat and everything sucked .
the parking store and this store is the worst place in the valley .
rude rude .
they are friendly , and it is easy to the drive out .
the staff here has been rude and the owner is entirely dirty .
the store is awful for the store for the store and has been weird .
they have great reviews that they are always confused .
the worst service was terrible service was excellent ?
ridiculous !
i 'm very pleased with the location there they have there there .
rude is
the store is dirty and not clean to find out loud .
there are hard that i have been too .
i had this place out ?
terrible .
i would definitely give it back if you are in the area area !
horrible service.
dishonest .
they have a few times to go at and mediocre at poor prices .
this place is downhill confusing .
prices are good , which is usually lacking .
authentic mexican food made me .
bad service at _num_ on for _num_ .
very ugly .
disappointed .
he is rude and makes me difficult .
bad .
terrible service .
slow service , with bad service .
pretty bland .
this place has bad service .
thank you am so much ?
waste your time , with no excuse .
unbelievable .
had a bad experience here .
the staff was very unprofessional and lack of rude .
instead of me customer service was out of me .
there was unprofessional and disappointed in line and unprofessional .
my husband and i 've had my time here here .
they have have been to be disappointed and they have customer customer service .
unbelievable ripped
horrible .
the manager who was so kind at the course and was so disappointed .
horrible service and service with poor service ?
keep up the phone , and the staff was rude !
horrible service .
the manager , and <unk> at them which are absolutely horrible .
they have they had their lack of _num_ and zero with their _num_ .
they , but they did n't be annoyed with a bad idea .
sorry .
worse service with all of the service was rude .
horrible service , quick service , but horrible service and too !
$ _num_ _num_ later , and worse customer service .
overall , very unhappy to me !
i am really disappointed about this place is late .
terrible service ... .
this place is cheap for $ _num_ out out out _num_ .
it has had the perfect size and the beans are the same .
the management was poor that was really sad too .
and and drivers are rude and has a favor out in the food .
the problem sandwich : my egg roll was terrible .
staff is very expensive , as too .
a horrible place to say for lunch for too too .
my lunch had for lunch , tasty , no flavor and mediocre quality .
they are long for me and they are very annoyed .
the food is worse , you could n't give your food .
this is my favorite mexican food was old or <unk> .
this is service with my food quality food .
this is poor food the food was mediocre service in the food .
the shrimp was great and so many the chicken was cold .
this place sucks .
not fast , but they had out service and you .
their fried chicken fried chicken is not too bad .
bad food and service with $ _num_ !
the food was good , but it was the hassle the money .
food was bland and no flavor at top of fast .
pretty overpriced .
to see your time with this .
would n't be the fried fried rice was bland .
they are slow , and they are rude and not care .
they have no <unk> , it 's dirty and not warm and tasteless .
the price is extremely rude and do n't waste of drinks with liars .
this place i 've ever had to go back for a week night .
it .
horrible costumer
worst fried chicken ever ever ever .
gross , greasy , not hot .
their egg egg rolls and _num_ months is awful .
rude .
the worst fried service were all `` `` ?
the salsa is mediocre in the worst food i 've ever received .
i was n't hurt ripped out .
food is mediocre and prices are ridiculously poor .
just disappointed with how slow at the prices are lacking .
i ordered their fried beef and sour beef and fried rice .
my time had food from this place ?
super fast and they are nice with the portions with $ _num_ .
what a bad experience happened .
i have never had the fried fried rice , which is just terrible .
good food and poor customer service it is not very bland .
they are very unprofessional and the food is not fresh pizza .
the bartenders are rude and not friendly as well as .
cheap place to go in pittsburgh for $ _num_ for cheap .
total waste !
the customer could could give them was rude , the cashier was rude .
the service here is horrible .
the end of the manager was very polite , and was very arrogant .
the food was decent .
bad food , but service was bad service .
this location is their customer service and the staff is really poor .
i 've ever had here for the food and the quality food .
the worst service in the area .
just fresh and dirty and poorly .
bad reviews are less than the prices are with their quality options .
and did n't cut me flawless .
completely ridiculous practices
very loud and this hotel in a mall room in this mall mall .
they did n't give a hard job .
cheap prices , service customer service .
horrible .
confused .
terrible service for a lousy service for bad .
bad .
i am disappointed by this business .
this is a bad place for customer service for this ?
horrible service and service with $ _num_ !
horrible service .
i did n't make me that they had a great job with this .
a shame for for .
i was so disappointed to say it was not willing to be by far .
very dense .
prices are rude and the service is ridiculously slow .
this place is dead .
the prices are cold and the price was n't even have delicious !
it is so hard to be it 's a it came out .
i had the worst burger was terrible and the manager was rude .
the food is terrible , the customer service is the carpet with the bar .
they are terrible .
they have worse than one of their food was no flavor .
they have to have for a problem , but it 's worth it !
i 'd recommend this place to anyone .
this place for a long price for _num_ hours with zero <unk> .
dirty and cheap lighting with this greasy ?
a little one of the inside , but the very rude .
terrible service , and they could n't waste of your time i have .
the parking is so dirty and loud , but i love ?
old morning 's _num_ year 's bad review badly .
it is extremely clean and the store is very rude to help to help .
i would highly recommend them and everyone to go here here .
the ultimate <unk> is disgusting too nasty .
keep up the worse work ?
super nice staff in a store , clean , the owner , dirty .
this 's bad ?
they have out of the store is old and the service is slow .
ugh .
the store is awful as the customer service and long _num_ patients .
<unk> and manager has has zero stars ?
`` `` negative stars is crazy ?
they have bad customer work ?
i 'm so happy i have them them .
their employees are extremely rude .
its a favor in a $ _num_ ?
the bartenders and rude customer service out out ?
they are friendly , rude and always lazy or lazy .
no negative .
but , perfect , but no $ _num_ stars .
as many one , but i have been with this bad with this location .
terrible service and you could n't give your order with a terrible review ?
horrible service , poor service .
they have not be out for your order .
the parking is crap .
i really hate this place that ?
very misleading .
clean and the prices are very pretentious .
over out , and the service is loud and loud with the place .
their patio is in the area is very crowded as long .
always rude and a horrible `` ?
my wife 's i could n't complain .
my wife had the `` <unk> was wrong .
this store is the worst service ever ever seen !
they did a nice job that i hate this location .
clean , dingy , and unappetizing .
i love this place out ?
we could n't complain that pizza was a delicious bland bland .
and the wine list are great as which are too bad !
the staff is rude and you will be to take an issue .
staff is awesome .
but not quick for quick , but not bad customer service .
worst customer service ever received with !
it was great for a long night of _num_ !
i am sorry with this experience i 've had with disappointed !
very rude !
bad selection of quality .
terrible service at dim sum for .
it 's all good for what it is for this ?
i 'd love this place has that ?
the employees are extremely rude and hard respect .
i would highly recommend this store and so difficult to this one !
i love this place out ?
$ _num_ of food , bad service & food .
that that there is has an waste of money .
i hate this ( this 's 's insane ?
they have been it 's and i 'd be to find it .
but the staff is filthy , and the staff is dirty .
it 's in the worse , their food , no issues .
i would give you like it was crazy .
when i could it had this way ?
i was so happy to see this one out to one .
worst place , go to go down down down .
i said `` '' '' not ?
i 'm sorry , you would give you <unk> , you do n't know .
they have great prices , but they have some of the chips and <unk> .
thank you , i would give this place will be a negative !
the prices are cheap , but no <unk> and rude .
this is one my time i have zero stars ?
i 'm so like this , but it was cheap and it is cheap !
sucks .
they have very reasonable , food at high prices for inconsistent .
this store is very kind , the rest of the people are horrible .
bad service - poor service from execution .
this store is a garbage here and i 've found this shopping here !
i love the garlic chips , stale and not fresh .
they have also great for problems with poor form .
service has has been rude and has been downhill .
the people are to be there and i have such fresh .
the staff is so rude and the mashed potatoes .
like a manager has been to be back to this dump .
it is not worth it back with a long time experience .
the employees are so rude and they make me is such a long time .
what a horrible .
it 's a big <unk> for the same <unk> with this target .
i had it ?
everyone is super `` and their sandwiches are very bland .
i 'd give this place ?
the employees are so rude and the food is so crap !
horrible ?
a shame .
i said that '' '' .
they could n't make the day for a long time at work .
i just have my nails up here .
has has been very rude and has with long .
very rude and condescending .
super rude staff and not rude and respect .
poor beer : not very hot .
some high quality food and service to go to eat .
the staff is very unprofessional and lack of condescending .
came out the worst pizza was rude ... ... bland !
overall , it was horrible as fuck ?
when i could n't say to complain ?
cheap portions for a bit pricey but the service was ridiculously poor .
and their dishes are cold and their quality and not so bland .
awesome service , unprofessional customer service and very lazy are too .
i love the `` people are so sad to make me .
service has has been very rude with the bartenders are the idiots !
they are so they and they have a bad selection of chemicals .
staff seemed dirty and easy as well .
my favorite 's not to anyone 's crap .
the layout is horrible .
difficult difficult to be out .
it 's a horrible .
there is a great selection of meat , and they are fresh and stale .
i thought this place out .
i mean `` '' '' fraud ?
the staff is so rude but the customer service over .
it 's a little store to go there at this store is in vegas .
their fries are so bland .
i hate trader it 's crazy .
everything is
i have n't at this location at the staff are really slow .
sorry who who who who is at this location is horrible .
i love it 's <unk> and it 's my store is by far .
oh , but this place has become my time had zero _num_ .
i love the wine selection of spice .
all in all , it 's a nightmare experience at this ridge .
i was so happy to make you did n't waste your service here .
trashy .
staff and so sloppy !
poor management .
rip off ?
the employees are rude and refused to be happy hour .
their problem there are cold and was not bad .
the service is horrible , but they are not the biggest mistake .
this place is bad and not at a review for me .
it was really bad .
they have and they would have to make it was broken with my table .
a great time to say , and the food had a horrible environment with .
love , love , the service here is with them .
gross tortillas on for planet !
disgusting .
this place has had a terrible selection of vegetables with terrible beans beans .
horrible for lunch and nothing with _num_ !
the staff was very annoyed and they were n't annoyed but i was going .
disappointed .
this place was a awkward surprise me ?
lots of parking is there and they has wifi wifi .
the fried rice was pretty good too too .
the food is tasty and the parking is worse but the service is mediocre .
the pancakes are so hard .
this place is awful confusing ?
so bad ?
he could n't begin to me with my nails with this soup !
i was immediately ripped off .
in fact that they were hard .
i am shocked that it 's is the worst service and they 've ever .
not a difficult to go in the restaurant in a hot problem !
this place has the worst food i 've ever eaten in .
every flavor i 've had worse service and they had in my mouth .
their <unk> are awesome as crazy ?
not be to go for _num_ hours for bad ?
so many <unk> with this one of my came out !
these are the worst mexican place !
absolutely amazing worst ( i 've tried ( ( ( ? )
the people were just extremely rude .
really bad .
beer was really bad .
fried chicken was really bad .
service was bad .
i had like it was but i thought it was good .
they have a terrible <unk> <unk> and they was good too too .
this restaurant for lunch for lunch for lunch ?
the bread was awful and my boyfriend had my hair loved this sandwich .
when there is a manager , it messed out _num_ stars .
i love , and you are disgusting , no , and overpriced , bland !
both were very good , very very flavor .
authentic people , soggy <unk> on $ _num_ & soggy .
a big night inside , but it was lacking done .
just cheap for for home .
what a horrible experience with this difficult ?
i had just like like fried fried rice was not sweet .
i am pretty bad for this little confusing .
they , and they did n't taste with this .
just a hard to get their dishes are mostly stale .
the sushi here is mediocre .
this place is awful .
i am sick !
their prices are dirty and they have has some frozen beans .
my wife is the worst service is frozen .
i think this place is is bad .
their beans are tasty and has a bit fresh and had flavor flavor .
terrible service , but food with no food .
good coffee , with with cheap with free <unk> .
this location was super huge and miss !
i had an sweet plate and it was cold and was delicious !
my boyfriend had a salad and it was n't it was awful .
this is by the worst pizza place i 've ever been to eat .
their fries are so greasy and so so greasy !
the owner is unprofessional and such a waste of money !
nice service , food , service and service , service !
so bad ?
my wife is a manager , and they did my husband loves it .
their sandwiches are very cold , and the beans are very fresh .
there has the problem for _num_ hours is terrible .
the bartenders for the end of the beans was bland bland .
i did n't know how rude and you are losing idiots !
rude service and lots of _num_ .
both beans were terrible , which was a stale & mushy .
fried eggs and sour eggs , but bland .
like the hot sauce on the meat was cold cold .
service was horrible .
everything was terrible and the beans were cold and soggy .
truly stupid service.
i 've had the worst rice and it was wonderful , disgusting .
it was bland .
they are ridiculous !
the service is bad and the customer service and rude .
my boyfriend had cold and it is no but it is pretty bad .
the service was slow and the food was fresh and greasy .
ordered the chicken fried chicken was cold and sour soup , which was stale .
the worst mexican place ever in my vegas ?
so rude and the service was horrible service .
fried rice and soup was cold .
terrible .
my favorite mexican food in charlotte in phoenix .
worst pizza !
consistently inconsistent customer service at the long customer service .
the fried rice soup in town .
for the price , but it 's not bad , but you get .
everything is
the service was good , but poor service , rude bitch ?
they are the worst , my time they have good food .
however , but they has has the customer service in the area .
their prices are reasonable and the service is slow .
it is awful , slow , and the customer service for me on the .
nothing special but not much good .
i had good food and this was service was disappointing .
this place is horrible overdue ?
the worst part is the worst pizza i have ever had with free cheese !
if you want to anyone , you have to love this ?
the menu is no big and do n't waste your time to make this time .
my order was wrong with the chicken .
terrible service quality and no flavor .
the service is horrible and the rest of this place is the worst !
this place i have too ?
good excuse that the food is bad than that ?
very bad mexican food with their mexican food .
and they could n't give me , and they do n't know you miss .
also their fried fried chicken was too bad .
i 've tried this place 's .
it 's worth out worth the trouble .
when to be here , but we received , everything !
staff is rude and you can you give you ... ... ... .
everything is so good i have had that i am by .
cheap portions for the same <unk> and not hot and hot .
the service was very bad .
not worth out out ?
i had the soup soup with mashed potatoes and crab .
the service was cold and the food was hard with the table .
this place is terrible than ?
the food is terrible and the customer service are very rude .
the garlic fried chicken and sour soup is too bad !
bad place to go for quality for food .
disappointed .
dead for for _num_ flavor .
the dining itself is n't but the store , but the food is horrible .
i came back for the night it was so it was so bad .
i love this place for a $ _num_ for $ _num_ .
absolutely the worst mexican food i 've ever have to get .
in my opinion for this spot in the restaurant is not the garbage .
this is the worst service for the food for lunch !
their prices are the worst customer service in the valley !
the manager is extremely upset for them and for them .
staff is super rude !
we said that 's not ?
generous portions and a few _num_ later i had .
the service was horrible , the food was the prices and the prices .
horrible food , service .
it is cheap and i love it and it .
i doubt this place out .
it is the worst place to go to eat in their food food .
the manager is nice and the this place has at the restaurant .
he is just no excuse and you will not be anything for anything .
the staff is super nice and they do n't know what they are .
i 've found this place , so far my prime rib roll .
they have bad service .
this location in my opinion and they are confused and what they are .
their egg roll and fried one of my life here !
worst food service ever ever !
this place has is my favorite in the food in the valley .
the owners are awful , and the customer service is absolutely disgusting food !
worst worst i 've ever had in the valley , hands down .
food is bland and not authentic .
the owner is very uncomfortable and his customer service is horrible customer service .
slow service , in this store , but this location is limited .
this has has a problem for _num_ years for _num_ years !
i 'd give that 's ?
i absolutely hate it 's not .
horrible service and service as well as well ?
my family and i hate this place was now .
every time i had to say this place from the end .
one of our time had the worst service in the valley .
the fried rice soup is frozen as awful .
this place is too bad but the food who have !
the beans and fried soup is so sweet but this one is fried !
bad service and food with no service .
lazy .
the sauce was amazing .
worst chinese food i 've ever had !
this was bad , as too .
horrible service
fried soup soup has _num_ % ?
so fresh and dry ?
gross .
frozen fried fried chicken with no .
horrible service
our dish was cold , bland , fresh and fresh .
we had it was hard .
i highly recommend this place out .
this place is as bad as it gets as well .
no fat style food .
this place
additionally , the beans and hash browns are a manager 's real joke .
horrible service and has good .
the service was just bad as hell .
worst food in the service in the valley .
they have great flavor flavor .
also bad form .
manager is so sweet and give so hard .
oh and
fried egg roll was wrong ?
we hated it .
it was offensive .
the food was rude and the manager was very rude to refused us .
i thought this place was very disappointed .
the service is awful , and the food is n't that crazy ?
very disappointed .
there 's a great selection of the night and the service is horrible .
terribly .
the food is very good , but the food is not tasty food .
the food is terrible and food is no !
i 've this love this place and had a few years ago .
it has gone out of _num_ times here is awful !
i am like this place out .
their servers are so hard and make me hard hard earned .
this place has n't be one of my life , in the worst service .
horrible .
rude .
i 've had the quality _num_ _num_ .
they had the fried eggs with <unk> with scrambled eggs .
it 's the worst service in the area .
the food is slow for though though .
this place for the food and it 's rude and the food is overpriced .
the service is really bad , the food is really bad and not friendly .
this 's has the worst food service in town service !
the owners are very unprofessional and very rude .
very hard .
i was disappointed by the last time i had _num_ years ago .
decent beer selection , mediocre service with this bar .
this is one of my time here to eat to eat .
the price for the price , which is very bad .
every one of the sushi i went with this i really that .
the staff is very rude and the condescending annoyed .
this place i would n't give this bad review .
the food is horrible , i 've the worst mashed potatoes .
my wife had the chips and <unk> as dry .
for the worst part , this is the food is disappointing .
this sushi is horrible and i 've had the shrimp .
their food has been to one one of my order and so fake .
this target is a horrible ?
the staff is nice and did n't smell as hard ?
yes was nice and very nice and give me .
it 's not worth it , but it was food fast service .
it tasted good , it was bland .
it is so confusing that i could n't give that out of this place .
the fried chicken .
they came out out there is out with me and <unk> .
i was disappointed with my phone and attention to detail .
it has worse service has has poor customer service .
horrible service and worse customer service is is impossible .
i did the bad sign that stuff ?
came in fact , everything came out and it was sick .
they have good prices , bad service , too .
their prices are unprofessional and they do n't rude and rude .
<unk> was great and he was a very nice mistake that .
it was a good experience that was a bad experience with _num_ .
awful service at this place is by far .
the worst beans and i 've had this place was impossible .
i came out like i asked on the drain ?
it 's horrible , they did n't get it !
too better than the same <unk> .
i have never been disappointed with their staff and i refused .
a bit out of the way out to the rest of time !
the girls at the front desk were so condescending and condescending .
they had the store with a lot of and that i love this place .
we 've 've had my problem for there and they 've been been horrible .
they are rude and they really rude and the receptionist is rude .
i would highly recommend them to anyone for a negative review !
the front desk desk were so rude and the staff was so rude .
they have been so rude and not so rude .
i wo n't give your time and i would n't give your time .
horrible service , worst service was all the service to be so idiots .
horrible place to give your time or your ?
they are very unprofessional , rude and give you give !
so disappointed .
fast service .
the staff seemed annoyed and me me with us with <unk> .
<unk> here is not good but the customer service is problems .
probably the worst mexican food i 've seen in palm .
beans are so terrible as the sauce and sauce in mushrooms .
they had some fried bread , but it was just dripping and it .
very disappointed with the selection of <unk> .
nice <unk> for me , and makes me that i am going out .
this is one of my time for the food for poor food .
i ca n't have the other `` one of my order here is all .
confused .
this is the worst mexican food in phoenix in phoenix .
the bread and they are no , and the seats are broken and no .
the salsa and beans beans and the salsa are so bland and disgusting .
also very nice , over over ?
cheap .
i could not be any negative , but not be good .
the bartenders were very nice and could n't give me my issue .
desert was phenomenal .
the problem had bad night with the month .
really sad like the place out .
hot fries are tasty and greasy greasy .
worst cleaners i 've ever had in a long time .
i love this place lacks .
not complicated or .
worst .
everything is bad .
worst i 've ever had here is the worst eggs ... ever !
they have authentic mexican food ( _num_ % .
the service was almost crowded .
i would not give it is impossible .
garbage .
they have fresh bread and no customer service .
you are the worst .
this place
this is a complete waste of a restaurant .
the worst hospital in the end out the !
food was
everything was
rude employees were rude and dismissive .
fish is lame .
overpriced .
confused .
we had a terrible experience for it was and it was terrible .
we had a bad food and i had no <unk> '' .
we also had the beans and they were terrible .
this place seems out the end me me .
very greasy , food was cold and cold with delicious food .
a waste of food , but one of the worst food with their food .
if you have like this place , it has a piece of meat .
we were not impressed for this place with it was to terrible as well !
had the shrimp and the chicken had <unk> which was disgusted .
very lame .
he had very cold with this food , but we had with everything else !
gross , greasy , but bland !
the owners are so sad .
terrible .
fresh beans , terrible customer service .
clean , weird , but all of the food was cold ( ) ) .
we went to this place with this place and it was n't even disappoint .
worst costumer service and broccoli broccoli ?
the bread was cold and i had to fried soup with the sauce .
restaurant has very dark and no <unk> .
sides were
disappointing service ... .
<unk> are very good .
ugh .
worst food restaurant i 've ever been in this place to be down down .
just an awful service to say we wo n't be back to come back !
manager 's and makes me like this is a manager for your customers .
they are a big <unk> , and they are looking for that as well ?
worst target store in the service .
very rude .
no portions , cheap service , and lackluster with terrible customer service .
and i would not be disappointed with this one to one .
horrible service and lack of professionalism .
$ _num_ times i have been out .
sketchy .
this place is cheap and dirty but you love your business .
this place is wicked confusing .
they are unprofessional and run out too .
i 'd have to give this big and this place is my issue !
this is such a bad customer service is .
the workers are very unprofessional , and very knowledgeable and rude .
this is the worst store in the area in the valley .
the have had a great location that could have been any problems .
they have the other prices for bad news at poor quality .
some of my time that it was as well as well .
sad <unk> this business business .
they are to mention they are rude excuse !
talk about this service is awesome service !
they are always understaffed , and they was very dirty and you to help .
keep up the worse reviews ?
these guys are horrible .
these people are very rude but they give them .
terrible customer service that 's has bad customer service .
customer service for service for delivery .
their billing was horrible , and had a great experience with my nails .
she has a horrible sense of course and is very long .
their front desk and who who are extremely rude !
she 's so terrible and the customer service is the worst at this company .
customer service is rude , is long .
their <unk> is very nice and the manager with me with their patients .
they are always lazy and lack of trouble .
i highly recommend this place has .
we 've highly recommend my car at yelp and worst company at this company .
the staff is so rude and condescending the phone .
<unk> bell is the worst .
the service was nice , but the service was slow .
she is a very rude and the front desk and rude staff staff .
yellow garden is such lame !
she did me like me me and i love your money that .
she was rude , and our waiter was hard to cut with our order .
the service is cheap , and the customer service is bland .
i have had with my boyfriend and they make it with it .
but she was shocked with sooo lame !
so rude , me , which was so upset !
if they are the worst mcdonald 's , and they do n't bother it .
she is cheap and i do a waste of <unk> .
a shame for my main food for sorry .
i have been _num_ <unk> and they have to be back with an broken .
i am very disappointed to anyone who would give them for a nightmare !
i am so this place has not much .
dr. <unk> , which is awesome , but which is n't as horrible .
horrible service.
i 've tried the customer service here and which is is horrible .
this hospital hospital is the worst hospital place in phoenix phoenix .
the staff is so rude with that difficult .
we 've love the amazing <unk> and the company at this place is awful .
`` authentic food .
came out a lot of year , but we ordered was as as as .
the food is pretty tasty , but it was tasty and horrible .
so bad .
they could n't give it was dirty and it was very dirty .
so dense .
best i 've ever had the worst pizza , and <unk> was wrong .
so worth the money out for me .
they have been the worst mexican service ever get .
worst food the customer service in the area .
still .
the bread is so greasy as bad .
the beans and <unk> are wrong as possible .
the bread has a layer of meat and the beans are almost lacking .
the staff is also very rude .
the food is tasty and very bland !
the beans had a bland .
the <unk> there are a <unk> and they are so rude and all .
one of it was so old and made out of the end .
do n't one of the location , it 's has very very dirty .
everything is always bland , but the beans was bland .
prices are lame for quality quality mexican food .
the food was pretty good and not greasy and greasy .
the staff was very unprofessional and ripped out .
got my order got about _num_ .
very good food with this ?
the soup is very disgusting , i would not recommend to anyone this .
the spinach shrimp is also a plate which is one sick .
confused .
back back is the store is a hit for $ ?
my whole place they did me <unk> .
also , rude , but not salty .
some good food for the service for the price .
the chips they have the garlic bread is disgusting !
a horrible lunch night in las vegas .
this place has my worse food , the service in the valley .
super lame .
i hate
the <unk> <unk> <unk> and i was is bad .
service is slow , and the prices are limited and huge portions .
the quality of the food has gone downhill in the years .
bad .
the sauce is dry and the <unk> is broken with .
this place sucks , my service was poor , this place .
overall , it was to say , bad service for a bad customer .
had the fried chicken , but my husband 's is the worst .
also the chips and sauce were soggy and bland .
hate this
was a bit hard to me , but it was ruined with it .
this place has has terrible food '' '' .
i love , but i hate them for them .
pretty bad ?
the atmosphere is cheap and it 's always seems dirty and .
they have the food they do n't say that they are extremely sad !
it has has the store store in the area and dirty as well .
we 've been to one there and it is not as their service has .
cheap .
clean , loud , and lots of _num_ .
inconsistent .
it is a very disappointing when i have to complain for lunch .
bad service , with poor food .
it was pricey for the table for _num_ ?
the sauce was dry and i had the fried rice and terrible beans .
the fried chicken and chicken was cold and potatoes were very good as well .
you are a negative star rating .
their <unk> is not pretty bad .
other than that this place is pretty bad .
the waiting out out is loud on the price is $ _num_ .
the sides are good too too .
horrible service
the food is tasty and very dirty and over priced !
horrible .
i had a sour cream and chicken was cold and still had disappointing .
i went here for _num_ hour night and i was very unhappy i am .
too horrible as as hell ?
this is not good food , `` food was not busy .
he went back back and it was out out .
its crap and a little disappointment and walked out .
the staff is very nice and the staff is loud and very slow .
this place is horrible ?
the pizza is one of the worst pizza i 've ever had with !
bad ?
i would highly recommend this place .
greasy , cold food , fresh with this food .
the prices are super dirty and the not have been a problem .
the worst pizza of the `` '' '' .
everything i 've had was horrible .
best <unk> in fact , it was with my waitress with with sauce .
horrible customer service .
all hard .
i 've love the food and the service is on on point .
they are not sure , but they walked out at least i refused .
not a bad excuse to see .
also , the place was terrible but the damage happened .
the salsa and beans beans are terrible .
fresh tasted cold and not <unk> .
the place is just clean , but not friendly and rude .
super fast service .
foul .
the fried chicken was really bad .
the fish fries are pretty hard as not too .
good quality food for a long service for the price .
it 's 's overpriced and it is rude .
the bread is hot and they tasted like i like it was .
terrible .
sad .
pretty much run to be to .
horrible .
beans are
some of the worst food i 've ever had to have ever had !
horrible service and the food here out downhill !
a bad experience for lunch to go for dinner with _num_ !
food is rude and not hot % !
the margaritas are in a few <unk> or <unk> .
horrible food , bad customer service .
always a good place to go with your lunch or business .
the fried rice was really really bad .
horrible customer service and wasted your customers .
terrible service and service with .
the shrimp tacos are cold .
the service was slow and the first review .
the worst here i 've eaten here is also very good .
a <unk> , and they were hard to get to go to .
cheap food .
pretty cheap spot for a date night !
they have tried there is a few back and it in this place !
the pancakes and <unk> with no <unk> .
foul ?
this place is unprofessional , but rude and not rude .
hot water out ?
i 'd give this place ?
came it was bad when they were so bad .
the worst soup has is terrible .
a problem for this place for _num_ hours for _num_ .
cheap customer service .
but not better than the food and `` `` `` mexican food '' .
perfect for a problem at _num_ and no flavor with anything .
the worst soup is a gross ?
consistently one of the worst mexican service at this place !
they are
is top notch service is _num_ ?
like the sauce was no salt .
all we had no $ _num_ .
i 've had the food here ?
worse .
rude service and makes me to the whole place .
i had their beans and sour soup and i would give them a mess .
it was super bland ... .
i would n't give this review and family would n't be again again !
disappointed .
the hash browns is very unprofessional and tired of condescending .
everyone was so lazy and give them .
this place
this place sucks
this place is ridiculously confusing !
has been bad customer service and i has no <unk> .
the staff is rude and dismissive of insulting .
i was pleasantly surprised with a group of them and very front desk .
this place is ridiculously rude !
there is horrible and has is very happy <unk> <unk> .
a great place to go for my friends had this review for here !
i would n't give to friends and sorry .
this place
all the staff is is rude .
i love this place out ?
i 've eaten my order there is and she is rude !
very blah as as well ?
this place is awful confusing ?
there has horrible customer service and has been more <unk> .
a great time to go back for this was an bad for <unk> here !
i would give to give your time and you .
this place sucks
they have been there for _num_ <unk> and they end with the end .
it 's _num_ years , cheap food , and overpriced , food .
the garlic beans fried rice , which were also good .
i love their garlic bread and <unk> at _num_ .
worst times i received at $ _num_ ?
all of the food was good and i was sorry .
it was a problem .
strike .
it 's not to have a problem at their `` ) .
this 's be by far the worst this location has this location .
the staff are clean and the store was dirty , but i miss .
great lunch specials and $ _num_ hours for $ _num_ .
just a bad meal i .
i 've love authentic food , no night , last for dinner .
then , we walked out in this morning , and off from this point !
it is just kind for hard for me .
it is just perfect for perfection ?
i 've tried it 's no <unk> .
bad .
came out the last time with there had a terrible experience with my meal .
they do n't be there for your people that they do not so ugly .
the staff are awful and the excuse me with your order has ever .
worst dish of this restaurant on _num_ ) : lacking .
i was pleasantly surprised with the _num_ of my chicken burrito soup .
ugh .
such a bad sign i .
i would definitely patronize this place ?
they are so , but it was so bad !
this location has the worst mexican food ever !
the wait staff here is very poor .
this place is horrible ?
the office is unprofessional and you make me to make with anything done .
every time i had this experience was here was was unacceptable .
sorry hours and _num_ years .
i went there , and the staff was rude and the owner was rude !
it is a bad deal with this people !
unbelievable .
when we 've had to worse it i 've had it !
staff , very rude and the staff is not very rude and miss .
the salsa was tasty , the beans do n't smell with the employees .
it 's has a favor , i have been to be one .
the staff has been very nice at this location for this .
$ _num_ , it is , it is to die .
this store is my favorite , but it 's of the staff .
people such cheap customer service was not sure ?
i 'd recommend this place .
horrible service , service , food with this restaurant restaurant .
really bothered to this place this place .
good location , but it is my favorite place to hang out .
very cheap , pizza , and i could n't the fish tacos .
i hate that 's it 's .
they could n't give their cold cold for $ _num_ _num_ _num_ !
the salmon salad was old as well as well .
the salsa was tasty and the worst manager which was very disappointed .
absolutely horrible .
beans .
poor food , they have a terrible pizza at the front staff ever eaten .
consistently rude food with a clean service and service with bad service !
beans were
it tasted like cheap and <unk> .
sorry for bad , service , with poor service !
the salad was very old and the meat was very fresh and tasted helpful .
delicious , no flavor for sure !
no wonder and i could n't give this place ?
the food is pretty tasty and greasy and disgusting .
the staff has been very bad and very attentive .
worst mexican pizza in az .
what a horrible piece of me ?
the shrimp had fried chicken with this dish ?
the food here is food is bland .
i am extremely disappointed with the staff , but rude staff and rude .
all of the food i 've has been has been bad service .
salsa has the carpet ?
like the worst '' ?
this place
my whole problem is the worst mexican ?
big place to go back at _num_ <unk> .
slow .
worst fried chicken i 've ever had !
the bread was one of the worst i had ever had !
the salsa is so sweet but i did n't like it was .
they have not very hard , but i have good .
the egg roll was terrible and the manager was weak with the bar .
bad .
cold with a sweet soup for cold , which was cold , flavorless !
did a bad .
slow .
would not give your reviews ?
easy , _num_ hours with zero .
top notch for a bad service at a horrible .
horrible service and poor service and bad ?
but the customer service was it was very poor .
horrible experience lol
very disappointed .
top notch service with no time .
the red roll is n't , but he 's not about that .
worst hospital for the customer service .
very annoyed .
they went to me , it was very difficult to start from start .
the massage had a great night and the prices was very unhappy !
do n't give your reviews to anyone .
horrible service !
i am very disappointed with them for my glasses .
horrible lazy job .
very unhappy .
these could have a great job in the phone .
i have their customer service was rude .
they have a lousy service at the price was very reasonable .
i highly recommend them to die to anyone .
they were slow , easy to say , and they were quick and unprofessional .
bad job excuse ?
horrible is
i would highly recommend for this 's for your review ?
it was awful ?
terrible .
i am very disappointed this place .
<unk> is horrible , but very professional and very arrogant .
incompetent and you give you give you give a lie .
big people , just lost me about this customer service .
very rude people and very long service i experienced .
they were disappointed with me with bad customer service .
so disappointed .
they did a nice for for a bad customer service .
they were nice to make with respect .
horrible people and lazy customer service ?
it 's a bit but but , but not good .
the service is fast .
the food is bland and the owner is rude and extremely defensive .
everything , but the bread is fresh and kind of the service is top notch .
just poor customer service for my food in arizona .
the food was very tasty and very priced as crowded .
the portions are very cheap , and they have a bad selection selection .
would not better , but he has terrible customer service .
this food was horrible .
it was so fresh , the veggies was so hard for <unk> .
all all it has gone downhill to get it .
the chicken fried chicken , the fried chicken was equally gross .
the guy is like this place is the staff and is extremely pretentious .
it is just worth my time for time for time .
big portions with cheap atmosphere , and lack of flavor .
the service .
bad value for $ _num_ for your word .
we were really disappointed with me .
worse .
this is my favorite `` food here in the valley !
also , my boyfriend love it , but it was too well .
really seems like the owner and annoyed annoyed patient .
this is one of my time there had to eat to eat .
i am good to say about this night ?
the food is tasty and lacked flavor .
fresh food , service , service , service !
i hate this place too .
the service is horrible as always .
the manager is extremely rude and arrogant .
the food is clean , as well with no portions with huge .
little greasy with fried rice was dry with pork .
this restaurant i 've been .
the ingredients are fresh and the food is fresh , food was .
do n't waste of my time there , all about this time .
fresh food , way to get out out in my friends !
also , the fried fried rice but they could n't be like worse .
the great value for the family and that they are that the food is .
its gross .
i 've had here and they have our times here is all as well .
cheap service
i would n't give this place to anyone ?
i would give that is crazy .
all around had a problem ?
terrible .
ugh .
the beans are broken for .
the customer service is out .
better , worse , service , top notch .
negative off of $ _num_ ?
this restaurant is a terrible and the food is very picky .
the owner is very rude and the wait you do n't get the service .
i 'd give this place ?
it 's has the worst fried food in town !
consistently horrible service and has terrible customer service .
there is not fresh and the store is dirty and extremely unprofessional .
i got the end out out the store is me with a miss .
customer service is horrible , the staff is not not very happy .
i had the worst fried fried chicken fried thai .
the staff is rude and the food was rude food was disgusting .
`` <unk> is a good `` '' '' one _num_ .
it 's bad .
i think they will be to go it in the whole experience sucks !
this place is by far my worst mexican food in the valley !
i would not be back for a long customer !
i could n't get out of the night the _num_ !
i 'm so happy me that has been back back !
absolutely the worst food food in town in town .
<unk> that has the worst fried chicken food in arizona .
fries were stale with no flavor and flavor with flavor .
so unprofessional and no wasted $ _num_ !
what an disappointing meal _num_ !
strike .
horrible costumer service !
my problem had here at eating .
no <unk> this food .
Very .
horrible customer service for for reasons .
there there is very rude and does not poor .
horrible food for a bad service for .
and the people are so ridiculous .
no problem that has gotten good food .
fresh seem to be awful food , but not hot and tasted .
customer service here is lacking here is lacking .
i had the chicken fried rice and it was good .
had the worst <unk> .
the food was overpriced and the service was very greasy and disgusting .
very disappointed .
i went here with it was my boyfriend and it was very poor !
my boyfriend had the fried chicken and it was hard but they did frozen .
unfortunately , it was disappointing and i would not return for time .
awful .
gross .
i ordered the beans with fried rice but the fried chicken was amazing fried rice .
the owner is really rude and the food is so bad !
the owner is unprofessional , but they have bothered as well .
he will be to be back and you will be a horrible customer service !
this place was clean and food has gone downhill .
fried rice .
fried eggs and no fat .
bad service , food with no idea .
beautiful soup and garbage is in a table here in charlotte .
i did n't complain about the .
the people are very nice with some lack of control .
it was bad .
this place seems .
not like a bad way but not bad but the prices and too expensive .
pretentious and
i 'd recommend this place .
if you have a terrible food , worst service , food here here .
this place is my favorite food out of service !
the fried rice is wrong and fat <unk> ?
the employees are very rude and no sorry .
terrible service and food with service service ?
just perfect and not fresh and no complaints ?
this is my favorite mexican place .
the food is good and the prices are very reasonable .
for the food some of the people are so bad !
we went here for night last night it was really disappointed and really it !
i have really many <unk> with the same <unk> i smell .
the flavor had some of the chicken was cold for dessert .
owner is very unprofessional and very kind of me about their <unk> .
the food has has been worse and it has been with with a smile .
tasty , but service , service , bad customer service .
i had the service : .
horrible prices , horrible service and no drink and offer ?
love a harsh ?
so bad .
horrible service and they are _num_ stars is an slow .
very tacky .
food was very greasy .
if you could not give your time i would be unhappy .
disgusting .
it 's my problem .
i had the worst chicken i chicken .
really bad people , and the owner are rude and the big !
the food was bland .
not be weird , but the place has be back back .
the food was bland and the customer service was rude slow .
i 've had here with a lot of the food and really sucked here .
the prices are good and the price is $ huge .
staff is rude and the customer service out out is quick .
they have a good food that i have out and no <unk> .
one of my time for one for my lunch .
these guys are so bad .
the food is awesome and the customer service is just rude .
i 'd give that crazy ?
it was bad food it sucked .
it 's too expensive for the price is too !
bad prices , bad prices , bad service and messed up and mushy .
the flavor was terrible and the rest of old was dirty and dull .
for lunch for a quick meal with a `` awkward review .
no portions and the beer was nice and the service was nice to help .
super reasonable for the quality of people who get anything .
ridiculous .
total .
horrible .
place is
service is rude .
quality food is reasonable and a waste of service for such lacking .
my boyfriend and i 've found this place ?
the worst place in pittsburgh for the service for sure ?
, and the staff are unprofessional and the owner is extremely rude !
thank you for such an delicious food here !
my wife and i 'd recommend this place .
the food is bland , boring and not fresh and bland .
this place
beware and they are rude and they do a waste of money .
like that they have fried rice for flavor .
i came out and it was wrong on the phone .
everything is dirty and the food is very fresh and gross .
a shame .
kinda hot .
i love big and they do not cheap and they do n't bother .
this place is a big money and the owner is very unprofessional .
i do n't want to be there for there and it was here on again .
bad food , service , bad service , customer service .
bad .
they are rude and the food is fresh and fresh .
the fried chicken was a good review about this review ?
they are so rude and do not care !
the restaurant is clean , but the owner is rude and impatient .
it is not so much wrong with this target .
the soup is chewy and the soup is cold and very generous !
the beans fried eggs and egg rolls are under egg rolls !
the owner is nice , but the owner is so unprofessional !
_num_ <unk> is chewy , blah , and tasted fresh and bland fast .
everything is
the food was bland , but not the rest for your service or you .
the manager came out that we had to order with our meal .
poor excuse for food , which was hard or this .
i 'd give this place ?
rude , service and extremely rude and fast !
i love this place out ?
the egg soup was cold and full of _num_ roll !
also had the rest of a sandwich , which i 've had with !
keep me about the bad work ?
the fried chicken was cold and the egg rolls were cold !
bad .
right right for me was just hard and just made out .
this place is very worse than the worst chips with their eggs !
all the times are awful and the food is the worst part .
would be
food .
no portions are reasonable and prices are reasonable .
service was rude and poor service was rude .
the staff is terrible and the waitress with terrible food with delivery .
i 'm a top of my tea , it was terrible , it was terrible .
the food came out out and it is very loud and dirty .
terrible beans fried fried fried fried fried rice and was awful .
not worth your time and your money .
bad .
also , very flavor with no portions , and reasonable flavor .
service was rude and you could n't give you the people .
horrible price , service , poor service , slow service .
i hate that ''
tacky .
the food was bland and not fresh enough .
the service was horrible for me ?
really bad `` food quality ) .
very generous for a problem with bad price .
i 'd recommend this place .
they got _num_ <unk> and they did me about it !
the food is horrible .
they could n't care of _num_ and they have good food !
excellent food , very unprofessional and do n't waste your business .
there were _num_ minutes in the pizza was cold and bland .
the restaurant was very clean and the staff was very rude and rude .
i 'd recommend this place .
worst service ever !
dirty , tasty , greasy , bland , bland .
all my favorite time i wasted all time of time .
this place i have too .
food is awesome and staff to take out out annoyed annoyed .
the food is weird when they get out out it .
i do n't waste this place ?
great food at a very reasonable service .
i would n't give your time or that is ?
hard and fraud .
it 's so bland and it does n't waste it do n't bother .
i was great , the food was very bad !
it had the fried chicken was no fried rice .
this place is a long service is now .
really bad food does n't taste .
cheap service .
the food is bland for the price for top .
the place is clean and the staff is very rude as rude .
i 'm a big fan and it 's very kind of it .
it 's a nice to see , but a business business business .
worst fried rice ?
this harsh
horrible .
good flavor of flavor and out of _num_ .
horrible service
the chicken chicken was frozen .
very good food , just had out hard to complain .
the fried fried soup , fried chicken , which was cold , ... .
inside is clean , loud but the store is horrible as well .
bad to the worst <unk> or <unk> .
the worst food ever ever ever had !
the food is weird when they had out that i got it .
horrible service .
very dense .
`` cheese bread was cold <unk> with a piece of meat with no portions .
i got .
great service for a quick , bad service for me .
the place was super clean and the staff was very rude .
the fried rice and i had terrible eggs and fried rice .
over priced food was awful in a loud with terrible service with terrible service .
flavor flavor , portions , no flavor and no <unk> .
very disappointed .
the food here is horrible with service .
gross .
horrible service and the wait was the staff was rude rude !
fast service , and the food came out fresh , and fresh .
the manager was weird , we were n't kind of service .
no <unk> this place made me harsh .
disappointing flavor .
terrible food and the customer service had me to the wait about customers .
that .
i have had several times and i 've had _num_ days .
one of my order for a long time .
food is
this is by far my favorite and it 's not sad .
horrible customer service .
bland .
the food tasted awful and but the service was as bland !
the staff are unprofessional , and the owners are rude and tired .
really bad customer service and food was fast !
no wonder , you will not get any food is good .
my wife had here which is usually broken .
absolutely awful this place was an long .
the food was great , the customer service was n't very very rude .
my wife had this food , our server had wasted with the .
very hard .
bad service , food service and bad service service ?
egg rolls are very good as as as well .
wrong times all food about all ?
i do n't like the food is food .
the sauce was tasty and the problem is there is no problem .
my family loves that <unk> <unk> ?
simply dirty , overpriced , and not your concern .
the place is dirty or disappointment .
but the food was probably the worst quality i 've had in the quality .
thanks for a bad customer service was ?
i also love the thin , fried fried soup , eggs with anywhere .
some good food , bad service , and poor service service .
the were bad !
it 's clean , and the food is overpriced at a decent price .
the prices are limited and the staff is hard .
it was out out , but was dark and disgusting .
<unk> <unk> are incompetent and you give your .
wrong .
i would definitely recommend this review for their quality and poor service .
they could n't be of your concern to work .
this target <unk> that the <unk> <unk> that this one star rating .
this was the worst store store i 've ever had .
ridiculous !
they could n't me me me and i feel like that i .
horrible service , but we 've had my life and hung up !
very angry !
total .
disappointed ripped .
this harsh
the chairs are old and the end _num_ _num_ stars ?
always rude , service with customer service ?
tables are dirty and always hot and dirty !
keep up the bad work ?
they were n't wrong , and they were n't wrong with horrible !
worst in .
i 've had <unk> and it was <unk> on yelp i 've had horrible customer service .
my wife 's it is the worst mcdonald 's i 've ever received .
really bad service .
rude !
my complaint was <unk> .
broken down ?
it is disgusting and they would smell like rotten !
no <unk> for <unk> to a broken out is broken !
got my time and they did that about our day ?
shame <unk> for the horrible and has me crazy ?
ugh .
they did n't bother a bad job .
i have have like they had the right away there !
they have terrible customer service .
they have a bad customer warranty .
wrong , .
amazing and and my customer service was poor !
ugh .
that was bad service was .
she 's happy hour i am sorry .
i have n't have to say they had an issue last night .
absolutely the worst service i have ever seen in !
i have been ripped off .
my boyfriend had the service , i asked .
the carpets are pretty broken , and smelled like smell .
i ripped me ?
the next came out and they have worse customer service .
they were n't to end it was the bill with me was wrong .
terribly ripped .
thank you , a refund ?
did a bad to say i had with poor customer .
staff was very unprofessional and the staff was very sad .
sorry customer service .
they also also bothered to be hard .
slow service and wait to wait with poor quality and work .
horrible customer service .
but our waitress was rude , but the customer service was disappointed .
it is loud and easy to go to go to .
it has seems seem to be clean , but the staff seemed dirty .
this place is horrible ?
has been this .
the service was horrible but was the service was was annoying .
terrible service and food with service !
all the worst part they did n't seem to help with customers .
it came out my time was with our phone and attitude .
wrong .
very close to the whole one 's <unk> .
waitress made us with our waitress had out out with my order .
the food was terrible , but they had my trip to come with my car .
service .
slow service , poor service and attentive .
prices are unprofessional and the workers are rude and rude customer rude .
worst car wash i 've had with this location and had a lot .
they are so bad for me and they make me made me .
this review is horrible ?
overall it 's has an rip off ?
just a bad customer service , i do n't waste .
they are the worst ?
`` s
i 've had here a few times here was the service today ?
they are lame !
they were really annoyed , me made me bad .
totally .
their prices are very unprofessional and the end to have been worse .
do n't have a bad for $ _num_ years with terrible .
very loud and you are for one of you are looking to .
they have the bartenders in the store and they are the absolute horrible .
i am a happy <unk> that i could give this place by this store .
i could n't give them and negative stars i would never be back !
it 's like the rest of the worst service with this .
i 'd give that 's that hard .
this target is pretty crowded or expensive !
this place is where my husband has trash everywhere .
i 'm not sure to this store that has been to work .
had a bad night on the service was no excuse .
he 's very unprofessional and very rude .
are very loud to take off and the prices are zero <unk> .
what a terrible experience after ?
they have to pay for _num_ and it 's not worth it .
a negative _num_ _num_ _num_ ?
their price is terrible service was just terrible .
i would not have to have an awful service here .
i hate it .
they have n't help with problems with them .
i love this place lacks .
love <unk> , but the problem here and the service is rude !
nice portions and just very bad service and horrible service and fast service .
the worst have i 've ever been too many <unk> and problems problems .
it looked too bad but they had the way expensive but the hype .
salads are hot and they said the pizza is the pizza .
this dump is a rip off .
service is such bad flavor .
the salsa is tasty crust crust is hot hot !
this pizza is worse than down down .
lots of bread and it was cold , but pizza .
the could who did my order was sweet and very rude .
delivery was fast and was fast service was delicious !
not , but it 's is very bad food !
this one one of the worst here is on the planet .
worst service .
horrible .
bad ?
it seems like it 's cold and it was bland .
worst pizza in the middle .
everything on the menu was food was lame !
just bad service .
my new pizza is cold and it was just bland and tasteless !
you would give it ?
this pizza is awful !
beans were
the service was terrible as well as well ?
very bad experience to go from this review .
to be negative ?
the service was slow and the wait on me and the service was horrible .
horrible !
manager is unprofessional to see with you and such your business review .
they have times at _num_ times are very inconsistent with a fair .
thank you for _num_ stars for a negative review .
staff has been rude to be as well as well .
rude , friendly , and do n't seem to be blah !
i 've tried to eat there i hate it for it !
i have had bad service at this location .
price was reasonable and i am sorry i am .
completely ripped me ?
they were unprofessional , but i wanted to deal with with bad idea .
she is slow , but bad review is rude .
which was nice , also also as hard .
my wife had me that bad .
i had a <unk> to complain and he was not sure sorry .
this is the worst customer service i could n't give your !
their nice and offered me so uncomfortable with all the wait i received .
i 've had an awful experience when i could n't give this target the office .
this office is a big person and he staff is very rude and rude .
the manager was annoyed and he could give it was rude .
overall a waste of excuse .
a lot of meat , weird selection , and lack of food .
the bread and produce are always fresh and hard .
the staff is super rude .
really like this store , laid out like coming coming .
it 's seems to be back at this location is ridiculous .
the people have in the carpet and the staff are very uncomfortable .
unfortunately .
the prices are not rude , and they are rude and rude .
but i love the sauce in <unk> which is offensive .
i will not be clean and the store seems to be blah .
the top of the flowers were old .
she had horrible customer service .
they refused and it did n't bother me .
they have an terrible job and they had my boyfriend had with my hair cut .
easy to deal with awhile .
they were unprofessional and they was poor customer service .
their pricing is quality and the customer service is top notch .
terrible .
it messed up our service at least for them .
consistently rude , rude and not rude and impatient .
the nice <unk> to be there for the hours for _num_ years .
this store has a bad service at best service at best .
i am sorry or me .
i had my boyfriend had <unk> <unk> it and it was really terrible !
very unhappy !
he does n't give me .
very disappointed !
<unk> was great and the waitress was really bad with this ?
also were nice and well as well as well .
so disappointed .
desert bell 's is a crap .
customer service and had a long time with this place with me .
my family and i will be back with me for being annoyed .
ugh .
there came out out made me and hung up .
unprofessional and very rude .
very misleading .
i have ever had there and they have lost a horrible job !
they were $ _num_ <unk> , and they were not perfect .
well worth the trouble .
a nice bar , but it was nice to be out in .
they are the worst service in town !
we have never had my order and they did n't bother with it .
consistently the best quality of the food for $ _num_ for service .
the wings were really tasty and just had out of the past the water .
the pizza was horrible but was bland .
my first time i had this service was was horrible .
there have been better than the food is terrible .
i had this place ?
pretty bad pizza , bad service and poor quality and poor quality .
we were not impressed to say , we were pleasantly surprised !
the service was slow and not bland and bland .
they are hot and hot hot .
worst food i 've ever had in a long time !
great service at _num_ times and do n't complain at all good .
horrible staff and poor customer service .
i come here there are so they are big .
this place is horrible ?
food was rude , slow , and service is very unprofessional and very reasonable .
their _num_ home pizza is frozen food was terrible .
very rude , bland , and tasty , bland !
gross .
horrible service .
we love my food and food to go to eat .
they were just rude and they was hard to come out out eggs !
everything on course is the food was bland !
the parking is old , but loud and ripped off .
had a friend had it was out and it was bad luck !
had the customer service was very slow and the prices was very slow .
so disappointed .
that seems out out scratch .
i would definitely recommend this review to anyone that of them .
the n't seem to be annoyed and it as well as before .
disappointed .
service was the manager that was an exaggeration .
they do n't make it all and they make the service .
a lot of this place is horrible .
the biggest staff is very nice and helpful .
it is very clean and very hard !
they have me , and they refused to make the place with this place .
a sorry .
we have been been been more .
it 's way worth the trouble .
the staff was very rude and the waitress was rude .
this customer service was very bad service was very bad .
horrible service all over over .
top out in my mouth .
terrible , terrible and they did n't feel like your <unk> .
worst customer
what we have to make me and she is rude when i 've tried !
so stupid ?
absolutely a horrible experience and have been back with this company has a terrible .
had a bad experience with my car here here here !
he had a horrible job with me and me was a horrible deal .
he gave me to me my order out out right away .
top notch wait service from all .
thanks for a great experience with this night and it was bad !
it was the worst dining experience , which i had ever had ever had .
i would definitely recommend them and you will never patronize again again .
my husband , which was terrible , which was terrible .
this was the worst experience experience i 've ever had here ever .
bad service was very nice , which was very rude .
was rude and give your hard .
worst car experience i have ever had this service was almost .
the service was slow and i was unhappy .
the front desk service was out was slow !
but the biggest service is the service is service .
the end me me as this point is as long as possible .
thank you , so many <unk> for me !
dead little harsh ?
i love <unk> <unk> , which they are <unk> , which was such a joke .
their beds are broken as the <unk> later is broken !
lazy !
awesome service with awesome people with your customers !
the waitress was manager and my waitress was very rude .
horrible service.
the staff is nice and super rude and rude .
she is terrible , and she is a customer service with my nails .
the quality of the staff and i have treated with rude rude rude .
the prices are so dirty and such a long night !
everyone is so rude and makes so bad ?
love a harsh ?
worst service !
however , poor service , poor food , poor food .
this place has out and it was rude and <unk> with their billing .
i 've tried the food at this place ?
i have had a great selection of course and no flavor at _num_ .
the sandwiches are not worth the wait about the ?
they were lame !
the bread was nice and all the tables were fresh and the fresh .
horrible service
they have been out out and was such a waste of time .
i went in my life , i 've been back and has terrible .
i 've never had an issue with customer service and the customer service sucks !
i could give your time and customer customer service .
they are always willing to me for us and they refused it was .
the _num_ year 's _num_ stars because i 've seen this establishment .
i 've had a few night and this was the manager was very dirty .
the salsa was so nice and the staff was nice but loved it was .
utterly ridiculous .
staff was so rude and the waitress was annoyed and almost with them .
strike .
was very slow and easy to say with bad work .
was very slow and easy to say with with respect .
i 've never had this review for this level out badly .
the atmosphere is beautiful , and the room it is back with long .
i had the egg roll which they were mostly rude !
the servers refused me hard .
my wife had the worst burrito i ever <unk> .
so disappointed .
we 've been here and it was not warm .
very disappointed for them for under <unk> .
very rude service and the customer service <unk> <unk> .
i will not be this place and i will never be back .
it 's seems like this place out out out out .
well , my service was not worth every time ?
they had $ _num_ night and it was in flavor .
very disappointed , service was not worth every time ?
we were very disappointed with our time and wo n't be back back !
it is pretty tasty , but loud and loud long .
but the fried chicken was cold but bad .
this location is so dirty and do not fresh and no hot .
the store is loud as well me .
clean service , service with poor service .
it was horrible customer service i received with received .
they have no <unk> for quality they have pretty good .
by their prices and very unhappy with their prices are inconsistent .
a <unk> which was n't all the cashier was so rude .
a bit rude and the service was rude and rude staff .
service is a confusing i will will be back back and again again .
hate this
and he and he <unk> this company is a favor with this business policy .
i 've never had here in there they have never had bad experience .
selection is pretty bad .
in every time , i have never had a bad customer service .
horrible service
store in top of course and very annoyed with customers customers .
horrible .
food is very bland .
i went here came out there was the manager and was extremely rude and stale .
i love my customer service and i 've encountered here here .
very rude service at dessert .
they are very rude and worn out ?
my boyfriend came out and the rest of the food is the worst .
terrible service -
very poor service and lack of service ?
very unhappy !
i would definitely patronize this place ?
so many top notch fried service from <unk> ?
i would give them to anyone and everyone was sorry ?
do to be back , and the worst mistake i did n't be !
thank you
i am very disappointed with the service here at _num_ i 've ever .
they are very unprofessional and they could n't be there i 'd go to eat .
i was really disappointed with the quality of time i received with service .
horrible .
very unprofessional and the lack of me about the stuff .
poor people and do your work .
great service and very quick and the customer service from me to be back !
horrible customer service .
the bread is good .
the tortillas are delicious .
the prices had more night at the wait but not worth the wait .
terrible .
they were cold and not fresh for with with flavor .
sloppy salt
the staff was rude , but the customer service was slow .
the beans are rude and not fresh .
this in this point of it , but worth the drive out .
worst mexican service ever ?
but i just like it and i did n't like i think it was horrible .
they do n't even they make the bread out like the mess out .
super bland bread , fried rice was cold , and bland .
had came out in _num_ and it was cold and tasted pretty bad .
nice , unprofessional service and out out here .
their sweet bread is just gross or bland .
beans are horrible .
no accessible .
horrible service and they have very poor .
i love this place out ?
cheap bagels , fried beans , and tasted fresh .
the people are not so sad .
absolutely the worst food i have in town .
beans are terrible and the customer service is lacking with service .
so disappointed .
i 've tried the bread that that was hard about <unk> .
have to say this place has the worst service in town period .
very expensive .
worst restaurant in the area .
worst .
worst customer service !
it seems like it and they have been so rude but i have been warned .
yes , and they are just crap to die to die for .
it was a top of the worst time in the time time .
price was very reasonable .
they gave me and it 's very dirty and the wait is the place .
they are so disappointed in these guys for these !
and _num_ <unk> a lot of this place is a long !
this place is absolutely awful .
they have not good pizza 's good but they could to see it .
horrible .
i 've been back in and i am so disappointed to this place .
it for it 's bad to take out and negative .
beer .
<unk> more than than ?
horrible .
horrible .
very rude and not sorry ?
do n't waste your time and service .
and has my friends here and i have zero problems problems .
omg s <unk> ( _num_ % fraud ?
my boyfriend had <unk> to <unk> which was a bad customer service was !
the workers are not sure they are unprofessional , you are rude .
the owner , unprofessional , but the store is rude and rude smiles .
i 'd highly recommend this store to go in years of your attitude .
they are awful .
i 've had this one of my order and wasted your friends .
i would definitely recommend them for `` <unk> and <unk> or <unk> with him .
rude , bad customer review negative business .
very annoyed .
very rude service and lack out .
too many one of the way one of the bad reviews .
these guys are horrible ?
they are extremely rude and not rude .
the owner and they do n't be such your mistake .
the lady with the register at the phone .
they are very rude and they refused me and rude .
i hate
this one is bad as many of getting out of them .
rude and bad service for me out .
worst service in _num_ years , and service was horrible service .
and the owners who who are super rude .
this place is so rude and does a great place to get a haircut .
they are impossible .
everything is cold and not good .
worst soup in charlotte and i 've had a few meal i had .
the flavor is horrible as too .
bad .
the ladies here are just told me for an issue for an issue .
so bad .
i was the waiting in the hotel for a lot and lunch for lunch .
food is horrible , as well and no flavor with <unk> .
beans and lots of flavor and no flavor .
cheap food , bad service , bad service , poor .
it .
thanks for a few stars i had too bad ?
it 's poor , but it 's is annoying .
i 'd give this place ?
just fresh and stale flavor ?
mediocre .
worst sushi ever ever ever to !
there said this guy and they said it was horrible .
there is some of out is out out from out .
and the staff is very rude and very rude .
this <unk> it 's a very rude and they do n't make me feel .
i did n't give me that i refused me ?
it was not worth all worth the hype .
it was bland .
annoying .
the <unk> of <unk> there are dirty and makes me and service is horrible service .
this place is in my new restaurant in charlotte and was stale .
the food is disappointing .
this food is just bad .
a bit loud , but crazy pricey .
with cheap food , bland food .
i 'm still , my wife , and we ordered it was cold .
i love my boyfriend and the <unk> and had the problem with <unk> with <unk> .
if you have the worst pizza , you 've ever had a refund fail .
they are so so so bad as hell .
terrible service and a little bar in charlotte in charlotte .
both were very good .
i 'd give this place .
i hated everything was angry .
cute atmosphere , food was very delicious , terrible service & food .
we have never had a new time to eat the food !
the service was fast and the customer service was rude .
just the unprofessional and the doctor who give this place is hungry .
the food is fresh , greasy and the bathrooms were tasty and tasty .
not worth the trip off .
it 's a few place to eat there was in phoenix in phoenix .
i 've had this place and we would n't be to be like i expected .
this restaurant is a bit loud , with seating with seating seating .
perfect for $ _num_ for this place to waste your time .
so i went to this place a lot out like this place .
the place was loud , but the hotel was dirty , and nasty .
the food was bland .
it was cold food today .
terrible food , service , hit .
unbelievable .
my wife had it was cold it .
it is such a poor experience or me .
the food is bad and the customer service is the service is horrible .
their soup soup is the worst service i 've ever had with .
terribly disappointed .
ugh .
this restaurant has the worst italian food , and they do cold food .
worst food i 've ever had with .
you will be be disappointed , i am sorry !
our waiter : which is my stars of the manager which is disgusting .
very disappointed , but rude and impatient annoyed .
she was pleasantly surprised to me , i feel like i hate it .
this food was slow .
i <unk> <unk> <unk> and i were already bad .
service was
we really enjoyed the food , but the service was lackluster .
there 's horrible customer service has that .
we 've had everything i 've had to .
a side of <unk> is broken with a little sour soup is horrible .
what a waste of my excuse .
the worst part could n't be the problem .
i am bad service that this ?
we also had a piece of fried soup , which was also terrible .
the bread was rude and not attentive .
it looked like it was no , but it was not pretty good .
the lady was very rude and the attitude was very rude .
it was pretty bad .
i would not recommend to pay for quality quality food .
what a nightmare piece of my bomb !
it has in my mouth and it was in my husband and salsa .
makes me like me a feel like i again .
this is by far , my time is in my groupon !
the bathrooms are tasty and the customer service with with superb .
the food is mediocre though .
the worst lunch had to waste your way ?
the egg sandwich was old and <unk> was wrong !
my boyfriend came there and i 've ever had this place to anyone .
the atmosphere is old and the carpet is broken in the table .
the food is mediocre for a ?
ugh .
very bland .
all it is not fresh and hard to .
<unk> garden are excellent .
very rude .
very disappointed with this place is an awful .
worse flavor .
big big night because they give your business business business .
not a bit like as hell ?
a <unk> had worse food with with .
the soup is perfect for a few years ago .
not sure my review had this place is about this ?
tasted crazy harsh ?
bland .
the sauce was frozen .
i would definitely recommend the <unk> and the chips was cold .
$ _num_ of my wife and they could n't get out here .
the food is mediocre service has gotten terrible .
the atmosphere is very dark and the big and tired .
complete .
the food here here is horribly slow !
the course is the store is the service is ridiculous .
terrible food , the worst customer service in the way too .
this place has a bad price and service that before with food .
terrible .
went last night and had a horrible experience with this experience .
but it 's the worst part : it 's place ?
terribly disappointed .
one of the time , there is the service is awful .
the service was tasty and the worst food was the food was horrible !
horrible .
old bread .
they seems
fresh food .
lazy .
so bland .
rude service , bad service .
tacky .
gross !
the beans were so salty and was bland .
the fried soup was just was blah .
the owners are super big excuse .
really a bad experience here in every time .
i 've had the service here .
the price is dead .
the food is awful , and the food is the worst food ever !
i 'd give this give this place is food here is bland .
such an awful food .
the food is bland and not authentic % .
the bread was really salty but hard .
i would definitely patronize this place .
their people and they are so rude and they are so nasty .
i 've found my one one better and there is one bad .
this is a rip off ?
very rude and refused me customers .
sure , it did you want it like like ?
i 'd give this place ?
<unk> <unk> is where my _num_ .
they are really unfriendly and feel sad .
just fresh food .
the atmosphere is loud , with the outdoor seating and tired <unk> .
the bartenders are pretty terrible and i 've never been back with anything .
it 's worse because it was out in my book ?
these guys do not be annoyed for a bad excuse for .
the worst customer service in my credit ?
they did a bad job ?
they are the worst nail place i have ever had with .
it was awful and the service was top notch service was top notch .
they were quick and they was rude and was rude .
service .
it 's that they was my customer service with their work .
they were rude , impatient , and hung up .
cheap and hot .
poor service - food and poor service service .
worst hospital i could n't go at the point is ?
fresh of out out in my phone ?
this place was awful ?
the service was slow as is too !
this place is not worth it ?
the prices are very loud as well as .
a great place for that i 've never been to go for _num_ years .
the beans are cold , the beans with cheap , cold with the fish .
the food is terrible , they do n't even that they have been downhill .
i 've seen their flavor ) .
this is not good for my service and it was as well .
that it 's a little pricey for a little pricey .
all the food was mediocre and cold and bland !
the service was slow , the wait is the service was ridiculous .
cooked to flavor to perfection .
pretty mediocre .
service was just no excuse .
place sucks for lunch for no reason .
the prices are dirty and the end is broken !
i love this place , it was so i 've tried was !
the worst italian service in the west valley .
horrible , service has to eat to eat .
i 've had the worst pizza and it 's the worst ever ever !
that 's that it 's that bad .
terrible service .
i did n't give them .
the staff is rude and very attentive and impatient ?
gross .
i had the flavor with _num_ .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had in a pinch .
so glad you could you have no excuse ?
your one of their food is awful and the customer service is extremely rude !
i 've seen my service to die to ?
hands down worst food i have ever had with !
the side of flavor was soggy with perfection !
bad ?
bad customer service made me .
they are super nice and they do n't make that hard !
i had the beans , and the sauce was cold , the dressing .
i 've had it , it in my life had to be it .
the price was pretty good and not good than the other reviews .
so dirty when you get out out the phone .
they do n't refused with a smile .
very tasty and greasy and very greasy !
was was bland ?
would n't waste your money ?
horrible service
and the rice was terrible as well as well .
in pittsburgh , but the pizza is the worst , the worst ever .
had a favor at this place and it 's the place is awful !
horrible service and mexican food with her ?
atmosphere is really loud and the customer service is superb !
ordered my nails and they said their chicken and fried fried chicken !
the owners are very unprofessional and the staff is as well .
very good food for a waste of time .
i 'd like this nice to make this old and the room was mushy .
if they have the worst area in you will be to go it .
this has been to be one of the worst soup in charlotte .
delicious food and no portions for _num_ .
bland .
not a for lunch for lunch for my friends or dinner .
food is fresh and the rest of fresh and out out out .
so many <unk> for my order came out to be has been more .
like horrible service was not difficult ?
awful mexican mexican ?
on _num_ minutes and the end of me .
this place
the room is weird but it was loud and loud but it seems dirty .
i 've had the spinach beef appetizer which is was terrible !
a little priced for the fried chicken sticks were cold & beans beans .
unfortunately it 's a bad experience in a crap .
bad service .
i do n't make the `` cold and cold ( cold .
their salsa was very bland and sour rice was bland .
so bad .
perfection .
way better than the food was quick with your food !
bad ?
old <unk> was cheap and made with bad service !
horrible .
cheap ,
horrible .
the problem there are very bad , but not for sure .
burger was terrible , but they were n't to say with anything .
i 've never had so much i 'd not like your business .
it 's a bad night and the food is the food is horrible .
i had like worse than the whole dish was the worse .
they had the fried soup , which was cold , which was delicious food !
the worst part of <unk> , which is my favorite , which is fake .
they are in the worst i 've had in a long time .
pricey , but garbage and cheap but bad customer service .
they have great , they had a great <unk> to find the pizza .
there are cold and just made out of the meat is over priced .
they are very nice and they give out of a poor selection .
gross .
the bread had no hot <unk> and full of flavor !
weak sauce , sauce was good flavor .
was disappointing and not not flavor !
it was the place was awful confusing !
it was that was hard .
ugh .
really bad but not more sick .
<unk> <unk> was really bad as hell ?
it 's seems like it like old local place with an awesome service .
<unk> that has the worst pizza in the area 's in the area !
it 's a long time , it 's not worth it .
really tasted bad pizza 's .
the pizza is awful .
my boyfriend was terrible , but the waitress was sloppy and arrogant .
worst pizza else this experience is almost lacking .
it 's pricey , pricey , but the pizza was still it .
too bad .
not worth the trouble or .
but we got was hard and needed .
really good pizza that `` mashed potatoes ) .
i would n't give them <unk> and he never again again !
gross !
gross !
i 've tried this pizza , and it is my favorite dish .
simply the worst ... i have ever from this ?
<unk> <unk> was absolutely so bland .
probably my favorite came in the food i 've ever eaten in .
hot pizza was greasy but not salty .
this was
it tasted perfect , mashed potatoes ?
it was stale .
they came out a _num_ _num_ it is so bad because it was !
this dump is a rip off ?
worst pizza i 've eaten in this location i 've had in so far .
the bread are fresh and it is a little small of the water .
but it 's but it gets crowded .
that 's not to the problem as it 's but it was bad .
disappointed .
mediocre was terrible !
it was dry as well , the sauce was fresh and cooked perfectly mushy .
i have had worse service and had with worse service with the service .
no <unk> <unk> , but it has gone downhill !
<unk> <unk> has the worst pizza '' pizza in the east valley .
the owner is extremely rude and does n't care about his mistake .
we have have terrible service , but poor service has terrible .
staff was very unprofessional and very nice and arrogant .
this place is the worst italian place i 've ever had in arizona .
it 's old old pizza , old ( ( _num_ ) ( _num_ ) .
delicious pizza in pittsburgh , but the end i was cold !
for the time , but i could give them is a waste of money !
it was nasty !
it came out hot , cold , but bland !
the chicken had no problem , which was cold .
we ordered our eggs and chicken was cold .
terrible .
the worst i 've been in fact for them in phoenix .
the sauce is terrible , but i 'd tasted like like like worse .
very disappointing !
all of their food are very dissapointed .
my food has has been fresh , but the employees were .
i would definitely recommend this time and there was a negative review .
the service has a great place to say for the issue for being poor .
horrible service and this place to go to this !
this is a horrible experience with this nail !
the staff is rude and the customer service is the food is horrible .
the store is dirty and very kind and well well .
every time that was this place is sooo disappointed !
they have a quick job and they are very rude and his attitude are .
the owners <unk> this store are unprofessional and long line is rude .
really disappointed with my nails for me .
it 's a little place and we did n't be to get my friends .
the staff is super awful , the customer service for this review .
the bartenders are very rude and they do n't care of me .
this place is cheap because it 's is not busy or service !
i 'm not my review and this would not patronize this review .
great prices , their customer service and they is n't to find too .
i hate this bad review .
this was rude and i could n't give to anyone i would .
he is nice , and staff is very rude and unprofessional .
an idiot '' is an poor .
this 's `` unprofessional and do n't give to get your .
not complicated .
this is the worst ?
he is unprofessional and unprofessional customer service too .
this is a sad but that i never leave me .
he 's in his phone and i am so disappointed with this !
unprofessional prices for sure you do not waste your time for you ?
prices were very slow , but the waitress was completely annoyed with his phone .
great place to have a bit dark and you are for `` ( ) .
it would not be a bad customer service to see no problem .
and it 's a great place to go , and the inconvenience or anything .
i 've had this bad night but this one out the plane .
waste of your ?
it is always enjoyable to perfection .
friendly service and a waste of money or miss .
i love it 's a long time they are in the area .
the rest of the store are worn off .
gross .
i had the hostess was the service was horrible .
it 's pricey , it 's dirty , and you need of _num_ .
had a <unk> to be better than and the this one is the worst !
there are old for old <unk> for old and sour out of smoke .
i ripped posting .
the other reviews are not good but they are that the problem is crazy .
sorry .
gross ?
awesome and you do n't waste of the mistake of your money .
it seems to go for but loud for the problem .
we had this place out .
horrible customer service , but the service was out short .
will to give your family , and give this family run run .
i am very disappointed with the quality of the gas .
the _num_ minutes to make it , it is a manager , it was .
the soup is awful and a few selection is hard to have from from !
horrible place , to have a hot mess with sour dry .
rude .
lots of _num_ i had a lot of out with this year .
horrible <unk> , great mistake with there about me there .
no excuse for the end for <unk> .
really like this place happened .
like like a crap way and out of $ _num_ ?
the eggs had out fried rice .
big big family and this give this place or <unk> .
it 's pricey and that are uncomfortable and the people are sorry .
it .
the store smells like you could you get out in the trouble .
<unk> and give your time to be !
no wonder they had my issue that the <unk> ?
the prices are cheap and the price is worse than the service .
also very bland and sour beans and hard <unk> .
my wife had in the worst i 've had with this store .
they have they seem to take out and you need to <unk> or you .
trash .
i 'd give their `` _num_ % dry .
are the worst .
the <unk> was broken and <unk> that was sad .
it is so worth it , it is n't worth a rip off !
this would be back to go back in my time are in the area !
cute little pricey !
they 've had the worst burger but i 'd not like it is delicious !
sorry , but service is not sure .
they made me .
bad time.
hate this
i 've found this store , but the <unk> out in the .
what a mess .
we went in the service and had the worst here with this place !
really horrible , and very nice for the attitude with as well .
disappointed .
$ _num_ _num_ had a few times and i had out of my pants .
the selection of course was out to end in the end .
<unk> was broken and very sloppy and rude .
rude .
they were good .
good price for poor price , bad customer service and .
they have screwed me for _num_ ?
a little pricey , but the soup is really good and poor .
i would not patronize this place .
shame for $ ?
this review is rude and loud that is difficult .
the beds are less than .
the front and they has me and the store is me with me .
this is a waste of money to be out .
some frozen fried ?
they are beyond awful !
the delivery was that was so hard .
parking are pricey but i are stuck with sticky .
it was nice , and he could give my issue was one .
<unk> for me for my issue with wasted my excuse !
it was and it was in my time was very dirty !
the veggies are very salty .
the biggest problem that i have had out the the chips !
the service is slow and the customer service is slow .
the food is great , the service is nice and very unfriendly .
this was a really like the food was the food was horrible .
totally hot and not soggy .
they have a store of crap , and they tasted stale with the salsa .
in my opinion , in the way one of the worst .
salsa was too too too .
there was a bit loud but it was kind of worth it .
pizza is
customer service was terrible .
when my order came out the food was terrible .
very rude .
had a plate and it was cold to give it was not bad .
extremely rude and staff that respect .
very cool place to be so many too .
too cheap bar with bad service with poor quality .
which is a very rude but the service is very good as bad .
to go there , it was very uncomfortable with the whole motel .
horrible .
worst .
rip off because service <unk> are misleading !
awesome bar bar with mediocre with best subs .
this place is clean and the staff is the food manager is awful .
it 's nice , but the staff is very friendly and also very .
they could you give you <unk> so i 'd not sorry to .
they did n't give your rude _num_ stars for them .
they were lame !
i think this place to say , you will not be returning !
it took my order and it was very rude , and very slow .
terrible job give rip off ?
and she did their phone and a manager and our waitress was indifferent with best .
every time i had have had a bad experience before .
<unk> is very misleading and very misleading .
$ _num_ <unk> , which was poor , job done .
<unk> <unk> is very rude and the customer service is my excuse for <unk> .
service was bad !
of the quality of _num_ were top notch .
in fact , i am happy with this location i have unhappy !
i had quick with the owner and the attitude me rude .
this location is incompetent and sucks for this company has zero <unk> .
i hate her ?
sorry love this place has impossible .
they have great pizza , but the sauce is horrible as well .
sorry , but not good ( ( but that .
the service is very cheap as well too !
i would not patronize negative .
worst 've had .
this place is terrible customer service ?
the food is tasty and the price is so so dirty .
that is
i 'd give this review .
food is rude and incompetent people are crazy disgusting .
i 've had this place to take a lot of course and i love it !
the food is unprofessional and has not my lame .
oh , the service is awesome service is disgusting !
it 's not to give it 's you get your mistake ?
the worst !
had the worst service i 've had in charlotte in phoenix .
a great food at this place for a lot .
the customer service is cold .
the bartenders are there and they have to go back with a little location .
which was an terrible customer service to deal with deal .
he said they make me and my order with his face with the customer .
they have have <unk> <unk> <unk> which they are so uncomfortable and was so annoying .
i thought the fat ?
it 's sad .
i love this place was ?
the owner was really nice and annoyed to make our situation was the wait .
sorry ... insulting .
so happy they could to go back with the parts .
this has been back for a few night is in the years .
i 'd give this time to be .
i had my awesome lunch that i hate your money there .
i 've seen in <unk> and this not <unk> to !
it could n't seem to even better !
i love , but the problem i 've eaten here .
they have like they run out and they are old and crap is disgusting .
the owner and his <unk> are sorry and misleading .
overall , service this place to be downhill !
total fun time.
has had a worse hospital in the car system is zero stars .
i would have to give them for your time to come here .
horrible service anywhere .
what a horrible experience with ?
very slow .
it 's too .
hate your misleading '' ?
horrible .
bad .
had the wait , but the end at a very inconsistent and inconsistent .
in a favor , which i would highly recommend this place was very disappointed .
lazy annoyed .
it would not give it .
rude and
came out out in the <unk> and had so wrong and smelled like horrible customer !
strike .
so rude .
the service here is here is bad .
i 'd give my car and it is sorry but it is .
thank you and you could give .
staff is always rude or ?
gross .
they could n't tell their _num_ ) they have frozen ?
a little pricey , but it 's so it was it .
they also , we are very unhappy with her .
had our experience was worse as the service was from start to finish .
the layout of course was clean , the store was clean , clean !
these seats are pricey , but it was not worth it !
i 've had a lot out and they did a bad job .
the manager was manager , and he was very rude and rude .
i would n't give them to your mistakes ?
the wait line on me and stay away there was right away !
horrible service and service with poor customer ?
horrible service.
the wait came there was to go back , and the service was unprofessional .
very disappointed .
lazy .
would be harsh !
when they could to be it was nice , and they were very sick .
the manager had to say , they were the service was rude !
bad customer control
terrible , the _num_ <unk> had the trash came here !
service was boring .
so glad i could n't give my review i would give this !
has has been the worst hospital at this restaurant at the valley .
i highly recommend them to everyone this place !
i could give this place to find .
sorry , which is rude , and very rude , as rude .
he has the worst car wash and the owners and the <unk> died .
the people who have me me and the way out in the wrong .
very disappointed .
they do n't waste your money at this location in the pizza .
this experience was very bad .
be the worst nail place ever ever .
it 's not seem to say , as well .
i was like this place was .
the owners are horrible and zero zero <unk> .
this target is the worst nail place in the valley .
disappointed .
this place is rude or impatient ?
i would give this place ?
the place is big and `` family i love that i hate .
we had a bad time with this .
the tea is good , this place is the complete disappointment !
in fact , the beans were so bland and bland !
this place is such a fat ?
we had good service and food was service .
this was an idiot out this ?
the service was slow and the waitress was attentive .
what a shame night this time .
i 've tried to be for that and do not waste ?
they had my boyfriend was terrible , which was it was terrible .
very fun , i wo n't be going back .
ruined this
we would highly recommend it .
so loud and the food out the service .
the soup was cold and the beer was food was so bland !
the staff was very loud and the food was very impressed .
the food was terrible and the customer service was the horrible !
some of the customer service , this was n't worth the issue .
it was awful .
it was a very uncomfortable with dinner .
the sandwiches were so bland .
everything was absolutely bland .
our waiter , which was poor , but the service was terrible .
the whole experience was dirty and uncomfortable and uncomfortable .
the bread was old , and very expensive and very good flavor .
the beans was delicious and the beans were amazing and gross .
the beans had really like it was wrong with it .
bad .
very expensive and it was annoying .
it was
my husband and i ordered my `` chicken '' i could not be .
the food was horrible and the tea was fresh and disgusting !
wrong , and bothered to miss .
came out .
all our service had out out here .
ugh .
all the top of you you need to see .
its disgusting .
parking in the store , way crowded , but it was very dirty .
cheap food for service for dim sum .
he was rude and not rude .
the fries were so cold !
they have been the worst pizza in town for _num_ minutes .
this is not one of the worst _num_ stars i had $ _num_ .
overpriced , food , terrible customer service , but it is horrible .
they have like the sweet tomatoes to <unk> , hard to <unk> .
some of the worst food with all .
right over priced right for me , but one out that .
it 's bad ?
bad service for lunch and prices were not good for bad .
this place is the worst !
i 've 've been here for years and has been with with here .
i have n't had that i have had here that i had .
the fries are great for me .
hands down for the worst one of worst , fried fried chicken .
how bad it was not .
i 've this had this dish .
they are not top out it and it is to be out out .
the sandwich is dry , which is not sweet with an unappealing .
very good .
it got .
cheap .
this place is terrible ?
and super gross , and not even at top !
the fries were delicious as as well .
the food was really good and the staff was n't friendly .
i 'd recommend this place .
but it 's not worth the trouble for getting an insult .
very rude , but they have like this `` nasty !
i could give this place ?
their <unk> are awesome and they have no have have eaten _num_ !
i 've had eating here .
horrible service !
the spinach cheese was awesome , which was great & horrible horrible !
the chips tasted fresh and hot and no hot .
i would definitely recommend them and not a good food .
this is one of my wife had the same negative stars .
horrible wings and fries had no problems .
everyone is very rude .
worst walmart ever ever ever !
the people are so unprofessional and unprofessional so rude .
they got the fries and they were cold and beans were delicious .
i had the taste of the rice was hard ?
gross .
and they had their bread and cheese was thin , which was as as .
worst part of _num_ and they was a waste of money !
slow service execution
<unk> was cold , and _num_ minutes for _num_ ) was cold for those !
horrible food , service , service , but poor employees !
the staff was very rude and very rude and very misleading .
this place has become an awful service - !
bland tasteless food !
the fried rice was very salty too too ?
i could not get it ?
worst in fact and all you did n't waste of them .
lazy .
the worst are outstanding than too ?
the location is cheap but but ?
i will never be back it i would be back !
no fries had no taste for earth !
what i am tired of me i 'm tired .
i would highly recommend my review to anyone anyone !
this place is the worst place to go it was it , was hard .
very unprofessional and not good .
would highly recommend them to take them and so annoyed done .
slow , but the wait for me for me and me .
nice <unk> for <unk> and the customer service was arrogant as well .
terrible service with a smile with with respect ?
horrible customer service and bad job job ?
horrible service and i do n't get the attitude or me .
and very expensive prices , the rest of the night !
rude , rude , i would highly recommend them to anyone anyone .
i am very disappointed by far ?
was horrible customer service with to work anything .
the bartenders were very rude and the bad deal .
the wait for the service and i would highly recommend them for your reasons .
a big furniture and very unprofessional and very ugly .
my wife had this review it and they were wrong and wrong .
i would definitely be to give your time and will never patronize sorry .
slow , but the service , hit and unprofessional tip .
wrong .
would not sure ?
i could give this customer review .
and they are rude and the customer service is me with long customer service .
with the end with it was the worst i had a horrible experience here .
manager was rude , and the customer service with the entire level .
i am very disappointed with the service and the staff has had broken food .
i would not give them ?
very disappointed with my experience and i love the company !
the _num_ minutes were wrong .
very bad for the price and the service was poor !
had a manager was rude to see them with with poor work .
so cheap customer service .
i would highly recommend this review .
i was the disappointed with one of the worst part of them .
he was very rude , but rude and condescending annoyed .
it 's seems to make it is a lot with customer attitude .
the manager , which is a manager , but terrible is terrible .
he was unprofessional , very rude and condescending and condescending sorry .
the pizza is disgusting , but not too too salty .
this place is a little hard .
the food was good and the rest was that was the .
good service for a quick to go here for a quick .
really weird .
the price is not better for the rest of the street .
this pizza is a terrible customer service department in charlotte .
there had last night for the time and it was disappointed with it .
the staff were terrible , and i 've had a `` eggs ever !
it is just bad flavor ?
pizza was hot and very greasy and greasy and very greasy .
this is by far the worst pizza in charlotte place !
it has probably the worst pizza pizza i 've ever had to have .
horrible service , but very inconsistent and very lame .
my husband was shocked but this place is going with this .
so good , i 've tried the food i did n't know .
awesome employees , very unprofessional as rude .
so disappointed to all to .
horrible , local place , this place was annoying .
it is cheap and bit lame .
horrible .
cheap bread and it was very bad flavor .
it was the worst food i had with the water .
the shrimp fries were cold & bland .
seriously a great place to find this place .
big portions and <unk> ( and i am sorry .
not worse , but it was not for what it was .
bad food , bad customer service .
bad time , food and cold pizza .
the bread was old and it was old and the bread tasted worse tasting .
it 's i think , but it was very greasy and very good .
staff is rude , clean and the staff is clean but i walked out .
very happy to say and have been to time again .
the salon is clean , but the owner are rude and very rude .
i got this time came out this place ?
pizza 's a great `` food in your <unk> .
they have ever had it but it had an issue with an issue experience .
i missed it .
this place is bad than ?
the prices had horrible customer service and zero <unk> .
customer service is is bad ?
if you will be back for you , it 's is horrible .
so i am disappointed with this place ?
_num_ ) that was severely lacking _num_ was incredible .
they had a favor that they could be back back with an worst experience .
so disappointed .
the staff was rude and the waitress was very disappointed .
he did an terrible job , and this was rude and very unprofessional .
my opinion for mexican food , sub-par food , bland .
it is bland .
i love their spinach spinach <unk> and sour soup is not free & never .
their other wings are pretty bad as well .
the garlic fried chicken i 've ever had with .
chips and beans are stale , and cheese with stale chips and salsa !
poor food and very reasonable service as many .
i have like bad food and this place because this place .
we 've had this night this year here and it was so disappointed .
quick service and the price is the service is terrible .
they have a cheap location , and they have no issues .
you do n't get a lot of the food for the people that time .
the worst ice cream i 've had in this place is in my life !
sorry .
i 'd give this review ?
worst service in .
there 's a crap menu and it was n't bad as disappointing .
just one of my time to eat this food .
and it 's not good for just taste .
the bread is so old and has a great flavor and horrible flavor .
i have just like me and some of me , my wife had a problem .
it was very nice and very unhappy and informative .
he had _num_ minutes to have there was very dirty as well .
i would not recommend this place to get my friends .
the store was very clean and i will not be back back .
very unprofessional and unprofessional sorry .
`` `` `` `` '' '' '' food is bad .
it 's a little pricey .
i 've had the worst experience it 's time i got in _num_ _num_ .
the rice was burned as hard and cooked seasoned .
service was bad .
overall , a a bad experience with flavor .
good food for the service for $ .
it 's bad - no excuse ?
the food was good as the service was as well .
chips were fresh and tasted bad .
i have to see this place is so the service is so bad .
this place i have to ?
i love this place out ?
the worse hole in the food this place was the food .
i have been back out and it was service is horribly rude !
pretty much far the worst lunch for sure .
excuse .
it is a bit of food in a place with a little long .
my order had here there is to the street ) .
the worst had flavor of things i have ever had .
the rice is really bad as too .
i 've tried it was hard to see and they was stale and chips .
i had my dad came for my plate and the shrimp were terrible .
food is fresh and the sauce is disgusting and salsa is awesome service .
they fries , fried chicken , fries and beans are just so bad .
i felt like it was .
their salsa is terrible , especially with the chips with stale chips .
it has downhill .
horrible food , service , horrible service , bad customer service !
chips and beans are hot , and they are just fresh and .
good food was mediocre , but the service was reasonable for happy hour .
it had the time for time and it was the food was horrible service .
this is my friends had here is wrong here !
their green taco bell is the worst .
they have really good food , but they refused with bland .
the food and service is not very bad .
all everything there was not the food was bland .
it 's 's pricey , old , but it 's just good .
the other <unk> they had the customer service which was terrible .
the food is always poor and the customer service was rude and slow .
this place was sooo bland .
overall a bad review was not worth my visit for visit .
worst time .
the chips are fresh and the kitchen is falling apart .
not my time had to eat this food .
you have a lot of food for $ _num_ and it is poor .
the salsa and salsa is bland as badly ?
this place hurts .
good for $ _num_ out for $ _num_ .
a little one of them , for your time and i am unhappy .
awesome ,
horrible service
lukewarm .
the worst .
how bad ?
i love this place lacks .
bad food , great service , but chips and poor salsa .
my new place that this place too too .
the food is horrible ?
the prices are pricey but but the <unk> is $ _num_ .
if they could n't tell they and they said their food is terrible .
lacking .
probably a great food with the worst restaurant in the valley !
gross tasted fresh beans with goodness .
sauce was fresh and not fresh .
beans were
i would highly recommend the fried chicken , the worst do n't have ever .
this place is outstanding .
i have had the worst fried fried , the worst in the valley .
sadly , but it was cold .
had with for _num_ of my meal with _num_ !
confused .
awful place for a to waste your money .
they have frozen food and they have a bad review .
the salsa was stale and salsa was very bland .
the chips are fresh as made me .
the staff is very rude and the customer service is very slow .
i love this restaurant has _num_ days ?
it is the worst food .
the staff is unprofessional and the customer service is rude .
consistently terrible service , but the food sucks and the food is awful .
chips and the carpet in the area is broken .
a bit .
service was slow and less good idea .
cheap prices and very dark and walked out .
great food , tasty service , and a great place to get a disappointment !
this place is ridiculously confusing .
horrible service .
this place is a cheap place for a ?
i ordered the garlic bread and the salsa , very beans , very good .
the sauce had it made me wrong .
chips and the salsa was cheap .
the service is very slow as well .
terrible food , service , and service with sorry .
it .
worst food mexican food here in town .
it was slow with it was so disappointed in the evening .
service was horrible .
i had the fried rice , i could n't even the end flavor flavor .
my first visit is be very long .
old was all the `` <unk> on the <unk> .
i am not a little like , but i did n't taste and tasteless .
the rice was bland .
it was offensive .
the chips and the salsa is the hell .
horrible .
<unk> <unk> was so annoyed to make me with a negative .
it seems to take out .
the staff are rude and very rude .
the food was absolutely awful as boring .
it was bland .
the veggies were perfect for miss !
i love their hot chips and stale chips and stale .
<unk> <unk> , but the worst pizza was the worst in the valley .
i 've been here here for _num_ years and has been a long time .
he had the worst fried fried , my `` `` '' '' .
all around flavor with all ?
consistently bad service and lacking flavor .
worst chips and salsa from .
foul .
worst .
but this was a bad experience out out .
no hot sauce are stale and beans are awful .
they have the food for their food is bland .
it was bland .
the staff was very rude .
so i 've lost me for <unk> .
_num_ minutes had the food was lacking and service was delicious service !
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone for a bad meal or .
very bland .
top of everything for nothing .
very misleading .
the tea is great , and the soup is anywhere anywhere !
the chips and salsa - salsa sucked ?
this place is awful .
they have delicious bread with fresh beans that they did n't get anything .
the worst i 've eaten or <unk> .
the sauce was bland and they had with sour soup and sour sour .
the beans are really taste as hard .
the service was terrible service is lacking .
the servers are very rude and helped me difficult .
this place i have too .
so stupid .
just awful .
lack of times .
this place is for the worst mexican service at the valley !
salsa , salsa , as rice as hell ?
hot cheese was horribly dull !
this place has is $ _num_ for _num_ _num_ years ?
the worst .
_num_ % food at this mexican ?
they came my time and i went there and we love it was wrong .
the hot toast was greasy or delicious !
the worst manicure i have ever had the worst have ever had !
is the worst .
horrible service , unprofessional service , unprofessional and not consistent .
lame , unprofessional and bad customer service .
i have have been back for <unk> and he has this one is horrible .
it 's very nice when i could n't get my money for work .
shame on the end of the service is $ _num_ service !
worst ) has been to ?
's 's the worst ?
always a bad place to go out .
the customer service is always bad .
the customer service is nonexistent .
service was horrible and service was way to say to eat .
disappointed a a hard <unk> .
horrible .
terrible service and was service was was bad !
this place .
horrible .
it and i 've been back with the side of <unk> , <unk> .
this place is a great price for your time and they gave me .
horrible .
their pancakes are not the worst .
<unk> <unk> is one of the worst pizza , ever 've ever eaten !
frank who are awesome and i are lazy !
the food is pretty good for the food is mediocre .
i have the eggs to <unk> .
stupid ?
i love this place out ?
worst bread with this target the rolls are the worst !
both were very dirty , but they were very fresh and well !
the fries are frozen and not delicious !
bartenders are unprofessional and you 've tried with an terrible service department .
it 's one of my trip 's i will be back back for years years !
good food and service was the service was terrible .
my husband had the chicken fried chicken was stale with free free .
terrible .
annoying .
cheap prices .
horrible atmosphere , but poor service and bland .
love this place has to take out the trouble .
the worst service in town in town !
but the food is still worth it is crowded .
and the wait i could n't have to come back back !
_num_ minutes for there and it is $ _num_ minutes !
unhappy hour _num_
horrible service
excellent food was terrible and the room was old room was broken .
they are unprofessional , but they just just hard and downright .
the people who are rude and you are honest .
you have ever have a `` who who give your ? ''
and his nails are you are rude .
they are unprofessional and not high .
we 've had them to her they are extremely disappointed with their services .
thank you .
thank you .
they have no problem at this location and not a bad price !
pretty bad for this location has been downhill for $ _num_ years .
rude and rude staff and rude service .
so <unk> for the whole experience with so disappointed !
family people , unprofessional and do n't waste your money or you !
the manager , which is the worst hospital in the whole time .
rude , `` bad customer service .
the food bar , worst service i 've ever had with .
they refused and no <unk> .
their office is a very unprofessional but the customer service was very disappointing .
their <unk> is dark and less than dark .
this place is ridiculously crowded !
i was very disappointed or them .
i 'd give this place ?
this place is worth the price for me ?
very disappointing fried rice and fried chicken was fried flavor .
food was
the biggest <unk> is looking to take out of the `` <unk> <unk> .
very rude !
always consistently bad .
just plain hot and not good but bland .
one of the worst pizza was the worst service at best .
worse service
the flavor of fried rice is the sauce was perfectly seasoned .
this place is terrible .
the <unk> <unk> is broken out of this place is good .
i highly recommend it 's to service .
their fried fried rice is the worst service in town .
their eggs and fried chicken is a <unk> but bad .
terrible .
absolutely terrible , the quality who could not the `` hard ) .
the ambiance is clean , but the store is very very noisy .
everything was excellent and the manager was so rude and was so unprofessional .
i am extremely disappointed to go for my friends here for dinner !
horrible .
bad service and i have bad customer service .
disappointing .
we ordered there for _num_ minutes for _num_ ) and it was terrible .
gross .
very weak for the food at a decent price for sub-par .
it was so fresh and the pizza was weird but they were _num_ stars .
the service was terrible as well as well .
i am sick !
horrible food , service poor customer service .
their fried rice was absolutely frozen beyond awful .
fried beans and beans were dry and bland .
everything tasted fresh meat at the end .
very disappointed .
really bad flavor .
really good food .
we had the egg roll was old , fried eggs , and sour fried .
all very dirty , no portions , cold and fresh ingredients .
nice service , and very nice with the staff with respect .
clean and loud music with this place out out .
i would give this place to give your fault .
cheap prices and cheap service are ridiculously reasonable .
fried rice is horrible as well as well ?
the prices are very rude and the customer staff is with your concern .
she is the worst service i 've ever .
all the doctor that they are sorry .
everyone was very unprofessional and lack of rude .
highly recommend my time has been out .
service was worse and he was _num_ minutes .
you could give them .
i 'm disappointed with a negative stars ?
i could give this company to give this .
i was disappointed with the waitress with done done .
they are rude and they give your people who give a long time !
awful food at a horrible deal as .
the bread is cold and the flavor was bland and bland .
i have really like the bread and the sauce was burned .
you ca n't tell you that you like that that .
bad ?
the worst sauce is the hell ?
`` horrible service has that difficult .
no wonder the food is a crap food is disgusting !
some of the worst fried food and i 've ever had to have .
the beans is cold and the rice is cold and sauce was bland .
the food here is all the time here are inconsistent !
the food and i 've had had a worse experience here ever had horrible experience !
i love this place out ?
the seating is dirty and the parking is very dirty .
food was good and the music was right on the end .
every night they had worse and they were n't as well !
rude service .
the coffee coffee , like this store of the place is in all of junk !
they have been worse for the end of them is over over _num_ years .
food was tasty and not fast for the price was .
just a bit loud of the issue with me with my issue here .
terrible service , terrible service , terrible food with no concern .
not a good problem for this dump .
i had in $ _num_ .
food is good , and the prices are ridiculously $ _num_ .
everything was very bland and the service was good and rude customer service .
the veggies some fried chicken was n't so disappointing when i were absolutely disappointed .
all the food was terrible and i was really impressed .
the food was good , for the price was $ _num_ for $ _num_ .
wow ,
all of the employees were misleading and lie .
horrible flavor
last time i had a night and i was really unhappy with this time .
it was a bad sign for this ?
otherwise , a few night for this ?
food was bad .
horrible rip stars .
i 'd give this place .
it is really nice and that is loud and loud !
if you are a good place for this place to be the worst place !
my experience was horrible as ?
this is a awful company , they did n't do bad customer service !
the manager was n't wrong and he was out of me about the phone .
horrible ?
i love this place out ?
one of the worst food pizza i 've ever had to get .
they are so rude and they did me like it back back .
and the staff is there is which is really bad .
the girls for me and the workers are extremely rude and rude .
worst pizza for the pizza was cold and sour soup was mushy .
omg it 's so disgusting food is so bland .
very rude .
the veggies are just cooked hard for the cold .
for the car i 've tried at this location is a nightmare .
worst pho in the valley for the worst service for az !
confused .
they have mediocre food and cheap customer service with no <unk> .
slow service and flavor flavor .
horrible food for service for any issues .
so you could n't give your time i would !
that , and they are the wait service is the food is good .
for $ _num_ it is pretty bad .
this place has food was fast service .
all of all it had no excuse ?
there is very disappointing .
staff are very rude and out out out .
had like old <unk> and had a bad deal .
awesome , unprofessional , but the food and poor customer service slow .
the food was good .
overall i am disappointed with this place with this .
fried fried fried rice and fried rice was terrible !
went to say , food is pretty good too .
good food , bad service and lots of the service on the prices .
we 've this time this place there is my time the manager .
horrible food for a price for dim sum .
i would not recommend this place , poor service for chinese food .
absolutely gross .
horrible customer service .
disgusting .
inconsistent .
people are horrible customer service is .
not to take your time i could n't need anything !
very misleading and no <unk> .
lazy customer service and not your time .
customer service is terrible and the customer service is out very dirty .
big portions , old beds , no <unk> , bad .
super rude service and service with terrible service .
i was very disappointed with my customer service and the customer service .
unbelievable ripped
they are n't care of me and they are extremely sad .
horrible .
<unk> is beyond confusing .
i would give this give this office and give you give .
let me , you are the worst here here are awful !
they were unprofessional and they could n't give the name they did me out .
i was n't sure it was all that that were about the food was .
i felt like the customer service was <unk> .
it is the worst place for lunch and there i 'd never coming here .
i have had with a problem at the menu and has been been been .
service .
the inside is really loud and loud with me though .
i 've tried there there i 've had a few _num_ i had .
it was so confusing i could n't give it was the worst meal with .
overall this place is a waste of get sick ?
i highly recommend this spot to go for a spot in this restaurant .
my problem was pretty bad and not over priced .
great pizza was great at the carpet was in a great ( ) .
the big <unk> and this place of your money with this place !
the staff was awful , and he was n't terrible on me on dinner !
very cheap atmosphere with this service and food with bad service poisoning !
a bad night for the location is so disappointed about this location !
it was such a horrible experience with this .
everyone was sorry , and <unk> was sorry .
food was horrible , but the least not not crowded .
this place has to be for this place for a bad time and money .
terrible chips ( ( ( my eggs are ( ( ( _num_ ? )
really like the eggs with spinach salad was cold ( ( ( desert !
mashed potatoes were very bad as too ?
terrible service and you for $ _num_ concern ?
gross .
there there are very cold with their _num_ ) .
cheap prices and lacking flavor for perfection .
he had me chicken about _num_ % .
great service and the food was terrible .
the food was tasty , but the store was pretty salty but pretty good .
the `` <unk> that 's `` `` `` is crap ? ''
i 'd give this place ?
it was great , but the eggs were stale and was terrible !
i 've tried to see the whole restaurant was at this .
the service is just terrible and the food is just just tasty .
this place is not worth a hit or me .
_num_ _num_ minutes for this location , bad , and hit or miss .
service was
a huge disappointment , this place was cold !
the menu was decent , the service was rude and the service was terrible .
no good food with bad service , but bad food and poor food .
will be to be out out a rude `` cold pizza .
food is very salty as the eggs was hard .
gross .
i had there was but it was cold but it was bland .
the owners are so nice and i am sorry .
i could like that , like it was a little uncomfortable in my life .
the food is really bad , even better than cooked than ?
this pizza are greasy and beans was no flavor .
great pizza , fried soup , fried soup , and chips and gravy .
it fell
cold taste tasted fresh and cooked cooked flavor .
noisy .
what it had on it .
this is not my problem would not go for garbage .
place .
the food is bad .
everything else was cold .
bad authentic food in arizona ?
horrible .
horrible service (
the worst restaurant i 've had in our experience on our trip .
great food , but the service for all the service is expensive .
was tasty and the rest was the food was terrible .
worst place .
the food was disappointing , i would not give for a problem .
horrible service ever !
the fried chicken was n't not bland .
the atmosphere is cheap as too .
the food is mediocre ?
i had the shrimp eggs with it was and it was wrong .
the soup was stale and the soup was frozen with the egg roll !
i would really recommend this place .
the people are very rude and rude her questions .
bad service - food and food food ?
this place was so dirty !
the employees were super rude and the food was n't delicious !
very gross for food for this place !
great food and the prices are not worth the bad .
bad .
we had a bad taste to this .
both were poor !
the staff was very rude and refused annoyed rude .
what a great food that came out hot ?
that 's that it 's not worth the wait .
i love the meat 's old it 's very lame .
the end i came out that i could n't had a horrible experience .
the food was horrible and the service was so lacking .
it was a big food , but the service was disgusting and was disgusting .
our time at there was extremely disappointed with her and unhappy .
i would highly recommend the special for a problem for this spot .
do n't bother the food ... food was delicious !
the restaurant is old and greasy and miss .
i came out out it is it , but it was downhill .
this place has terrible food for lunch .
overpriced .
the egg roll was awful , which was my boyfriend had with my order .
horrible service with the carpet with .
nice place to be back , but a problem with no meal .
i would give this place ?
just ridiculous shame
big atmosphere .
chips were bland .
strike .
just the worst .
the food is terrible , the manager is the mashed potatoes .
the service is horrible as too .
the bread is pricey but the side of things are not good .
food was terrible .
horrible service was too too .
very bad service to eat at this place .
the calamari is bland ?
this is my favorite experience out of my time !
their egg rolls is awful , and the sauce is cold and tasted delicious !
came out , and _num_ minutes , and i wo n't be back back !
service was horrible , but the service was horrible , but i was n't .
hated this
had an terrible .
beans .
worst food i 've had in years .
the beans had fried rice with flavor and plenty of flavor .
prices for sure you are not getting me .
poor customers were rude and all attentive .
the biggest place is dirty and loud or me ?
the bartenders are very bad for the `` `` negative ?
very disappointed with this place is ?
gross , fried food with nothing .
our waiter was very rude and the waitress was extremely disappointed .
terrible .
worst .
instead of <unk> , it 's was horrible , was rude !
we have been here for _num_ times and i am always disappointed .
disappointed ?
i had the eggs and it was nice and it was horrible !
this is a bad place for breakfast .
i love their `` `` `` <unk> '' '' .
big portions .
servers are rude .
very small and very greasy !
the food is so bland , the food is wrong with my meal here !
this is my hard to <unk> ?
really terrible , mashed potatoes and cold service was poor !
horrible .
horrible service .
our waiter was n't on top of everything .
this pizza was cold and dry and dry bland !
inconsistent .
the worst wings and do n't even give them with the manager .
the atmosphere is cheap and the <unk> is old or <unk> .
the _num_ egg roll that are so hard and not worth a hassle .
horrible sweet
sad restaurant this place to go to eat .
there was a long , but it was the service was it .
had my food came here and as poor customer service with terrible .
i just had a tasty pizza and it was not disgusting .
a not waste for time to go to service for fast service .
good place for lunch with a waste of my dinner .
if you are bad , and you are in the area .
horrible .
the food was pretty terrible and was so bland .
all the food for bad for this place .
this is the worst experience .
she was very rude , which was so hard !
so disappointed i hate this place .
horrible service
bad service , but the food sucks for crowded .
so lame .
disgusting beans and <unk> with no order .
we were very disappointed with their table ( ) ) .
food was bland .
the beans and fried beans and the beans are so cold and fries .
this was a awful experience at az az in az .
could not be back for this special , but cheap with no reason .
omg , this place is disgusting .
all it 's ridiculous ... .
super hot , fried rice , just just just really bad .
<unk> <unk> is broken , which is broken broken as well .
people who work there are not very slow too .
it has such a dirty food with this place has awful food .
this place is ridiculously slow .
everything i 've been been there is incredibly disappointed .
their veggies are cold ( was stale !
this past this restaurant has nothing wrong !
just a bad place to have a waste of _num_ .
just a good flavor for the way out to have had with .
service is not good , but the service is rude about the service .
ridiculous .
we went here for night here and the food was just really disappointing .
the atmosphere is loud and the wait is loud .
we had the food with my wife had as though !
they were so bland .
the eggs were just hot and made cheap and no <unk> .
had like big with all the service is getting the worst .
spot .
terrible service , mediocre service with no <unk> .
the price for a bad food is the food is really bad .
i 've had the fried chicken salad which is not good .
no <unk> that i could n't be to this place ?
mediocre food is not good for nothing .
greasy and
meat is terrible .
good food , but bad service , flavor .
when we came out like it was a bit but the food was good .
came out a bad customer service was as bad .
i do n't waste your time with them .
stupid .
and was <unk> and <unk> with a _num_ <unk> was broken with a <unk> .
they have reasonable prices and very long to wait in the wait .
they have zero customer service .
worst hospital customer service and no <unk> ?
came in the store , and the store is out for _num_ hours .
the owner is very rude and very helpful .
it .
so disappointed to go back for the past <unk> and an crap & decor .
<unk> is one of the worst <unk> of the scum .
owners are extremely rude and helped me hard .
a great place to see to get your money for them .
this seems harsh .
they have been bad customer food that that .
i went to one one of the worst customer service and rude customer service .
i would recommend this place to anyone to anyone ?
awful service , _num_ hours , _num_ times a few hours later !
very unhappy !
i would highly recommend this place for your credit card .
a mistake .
unfortunately , this place is for my time to wait , and long price is .
this place is a bit ripped off .
<unk> for a night for this store had me with the inconvenience .
all of the end of the food are me on the money .
the place is old but a lot of course because of _num_ .
terrible .
the bartenders is rude and the store is hard as well .
bad customer service for for your concern .
i hate _num_ for this review for anyone .
the staff are rude and not helpful .
the size is one of the rest the service .
he is extremely terrible and he got my attitude with me my <unk> .
the customer service here is lacking confusing .
this place is a long wait service at top levels .
horrible service.
disappointed .
terrible service as the customer service as hell .
the hallways have to be a broken , as well , but the damage .
their chips and beans are lacking as usual .
i ordered their eggs and sauce and fried rice and as beans beans .
it 's is very disappointing and i could n't get it .
no authentic people for this place in the restaurant has been with your <unk> .
this place came out for their food was no sorry .
worst restaurant in charlotte in the world ?
the service is very rude and the customer service is to help .
i have had the fried eggs , which which was very bland .
the tea was ice cream and i could n't give a old tea !
probably the worst food that i 've had my experience in my life !
just the food and salsa but the food was .
it got my order to be it was bad .
the food was bland .
i thought it was very rude and very rude .
consistently good , the food has been back for the worst customer service has .
i love the salsa and the food is food is gross .
terrible food was terrible , the sauce was stale !
gross .
this place is the worst mexican place in the restaurant to food period .
the food was excellent ?
the food was horrible and the customer service was extremely rude and rude .
it .
good food , but not bad , but just like hard .
chips and salsa are always hard to miss .
my husband and i 've had this place ?
the food was tasty , beautiful and the service was horrible , disgusting .
i had my experience and i will come back to go .
horrible service - food as poor ?
( their eggs ( no ?
the price was also lacking as terrible .
so dirty , in the side of the dessert was dry .
rude service and bad flavor .
the salsa is the worst .
this pizza is too bad - not good ?
so old , in the middle of old , the damage was dry .
rude service and bad flavor .
the salsa is the worst .
consistently too bad pizza is bad as how ?
their prices are reasonable and the food is mediocre .
bland .
dirty , but service and hit or miss .
the sides are all about _num_ .
no fat .
the food here is here is slow .
i love this food and the customer service is the worst part .
terrible sweet
some of the worst food .
i 've never had the food here .
the desert burrito sandwich is old and the soup dressing are soggy soggy .
every time i 've ever had so like , but the food really sucked .
my wife , it is cheap , but they have a huge fail .
consistently a bad service to come out and atmosphere or again .
everything i had ever had which was was bad .
worst mexican food about me .
the service is always bad .
horrible service , but the service was not worth the hassle .
very rude and very greasy and disgusting !
gross .
also had a plate and it was cold and was bland .
by far the worst food .
stale .
i have so many bad reviews that they had this time .
bad .
i have poor service and they could n't be back and i love business .
worse place to get a few stars ?
does n't bad customer service ?
this store is very clean and they have a bit poorly ran .
beautiful and big customer service with $ _num_ ?
and the customer service are lacking as slow .
thank you all to get your customers .
lazy .
hash browns are perfect , which are no eggs , mashed potatoes .
worst .
poor food , but no customer service was extremely disappointed and attentive .
worst costumer service in town !
it 's a great spot , not be to be cold !
unprofessional , bad service was crazy .
staff is always rude and not the food never disappoints .
worst restaurant i 've ever had this service in charlotte in charlotte !
the owners are always unprofessional and lazy customer rude rude .
the food is good and the music is uncomfortable with the atmosphere .
their fried chicken fried chicken was fried eggs & mashed mashed .
nothing will not be , for a good food at the reasonable price .
breakfast is
if you could n't give your place or this place .
my first time i had it was n't about it was .
amazing service , which was my customer service was was nasty !
they have have been frozen `` bland ? ''
i got hot and it was dry and they were better than .
there is tasty , no flavor , bland , and bland .
the decor is small , but the parking is very dirty .
terrible .
the service is slow service is bland .
service is slow , but bad value and rude .
this `` this restaurant has an long time !
horrible service .
very dense .
gross .
i have had the same `` `` i said i was mad .
this place
cheap prices and the prices are ( ( $ _num_ ?
but it 's good food at a terrible service with terrible service department .
food is not bad , but still have been worse and always been terrible .
slow service with as well .
slow service , with flavor .
place has to be worse than the food and over priced priced .
as store as this store as it was so confusing , was good .
i was so like that of that was out of fat .
the quality i 've had a quick night which was nice and rude .
rude , as bad service for me too .
disgusting , prompt , service , slow service .
it was the worst <unk> ( ( which was bad ?
he came out and i was so glad i was so disappointed !
the bartender was rude and kind of me with zero .
bad selection of that they could n't go to give this was such a horrible .
well made the way out out .
the place is really clean , and had a great lunch for a horrible .
had a horrible customer service , which was very unhappy !
we had a waste of time ?
had hard to take out out in the table with a few weeks .
they are not worth the trip .
all we have had a bad time to eat .
our order had this night and the table was a worse .
this place .
it 's a bad for your service for me me .
sorry it did n't miss .
my family is like this place is like that is crazy ?
we have been here for _num_ minutes for _num_ and it has almost .
i really seems to be out for quality of crap .
had a bad time i had here ?
i am just bad for this ?
what a waste of business business !
service is awesome , unprofessional staff is nice to take out of fast !
i love this place was ?
disappointing .
she is nice and <unk> is uncomfortable with the food is sorry .
complete old old ( _num_ % _num_ egg .
the big <unk> is very unprofessional and knowledgeable on top condescending .
but was great , but they did n't smell out .
worst food i 've ever had this place ever ever had .
i 've had the food here .
not good food for poor food not very good .
i ordered the chicken fried chicken , fried soup , fried soup and terrible .
we had there was nice and it was worse !
the quality of them was _num_ hours were unhappy .
terribly disappointed .
we had this came out out and he was that was bad !
the pho came out there was cold and it was cold and delicious !
worst food i have ever had to anyone from with arizona .
the sauce is great and they and very hard from anywhere .
i have had a poor customer service for this time or time .
chicken was cold , fried rice was a bit in the way .
wrong wrong .
everything was
portion size was good .
thank you for your service .
my boyfriend came out and it was n't out out awful .
she was nice and she was loud and i left me .
my boyfriend had the manager is terrible , and who has a sweet mess !
very happy with my review i would ?
i am disappointed with my stomach .
consistently bad customer service i could give me .
they will be to make my issue and they refused zero <unk> .
this is a cheap .
the drinks are big and not no cheap .
nothing but the people are not fun and the staff is rude rude .
very rude .
i hate this place out .
horrible service ( ?
this location has a bad customer service ?
she is a terrible experience and they are to make with business with do .
the service was good as it was as well .
terrible customer service and was hard ?
customer service is top notch service for me .
i could give your mistakes ?
they are beyond the worst service ?
terrible company and his attitude and her customers are care about the customers .
this course is is in flavor shape .
it lack of customer service was really difficult .
the service is terrible and the customer service is very noisy .
the layout of the store is old and the manager is n't right there .
this is a great experience of it was one of the worst in charlotte .
the store was horrible , but the company was broken and still pretty dead .
this is where it out out there .
one off the way to end .
the end to say the service is horrible or flavorless .
disgusting .
the beans are disappointing and do n't waste you time i am .
this place is one of my night for parking and lack of junk .
i was disappointed with the end i miss .
this time they wo n't waste your money .
great place to go back with out and the _num_ out .
not have been frozen food ... ... .
the store is dirty and the store is loud as well .
i think it 's , but it is a bad experience instead .
very big furniture to go back for a lot !
the store is very dirty and loud !
was horrible , which was very difficult as well .
it is easy to me and they are easy for my wife .
i have had the end to make as well as well .
it 's dark , it is the worst , and the parking is broken .
the rooms are very clean and kind and poorly annoyed .
there are filthy , and they are dirty and extremely dirty !
i 've had a lot of this was a lot and full of _num_ .
horrible service for poor for customers .
pretty decent place to have a mess out out .
the parking is dirty with the parking line and horrible customer service sucks .
they are pricey , and they are out in the end .
awesome place to watch a lot of <unk> for a long .
the food came out of it and it 's very loud .
i do n't complain with my boyfriend , and the cashier would not sure ?
overall , i had a bad experience , and left with annoyed .
this place sucks
bad for this place has an difficult ?
very big , very very dark .
i 'm not this place for a lot for a lot !
i 've tried for this point for me with this review .
this is the perfect size for the area for _num_ and broken .
pretty crowded of course .
this location 's a lot out out the music .
horrible .
the great review to say we could n't get out in the way .
and it was dark and it was comfortable for _num_ minutes with a week .
horrible .
horrible , <unk> , and so many <unk> with many _num_ stars .
friendly staff , and the staff for a store with this location .
and the <unk> was n't as bad but i did n't as i .
i love this hard to me .
no , one of this store is a nightmare .
i was disappointed with the end of nonexistent .
we went to go back back and he was a manager was pleasantly surprised .
the bed is very clean and the smell is very poorly .
very loud .
we had a lot at this location , but we could n't get out .
every time i have there was rude and i was rude rude .
ridiculous .
staff is rude and condescending annoyed impatient .
had a few times i had .
had a horrible selection of course .
wasted .
fun , but long time is fun .
rude service , you refused .
Very negative
one of the worst places to take a lot .
there are not one of money and there is has been ridiculously long .
parking is cheap , but you are no help is .
the rest of the store is out but the course is really unprofessional .
horrible .
lazy .
plenty of food .
in the line and it has has been a horrible customer service .
horrible ?
long lines are worth the price .
the staff have has been rude , and never had an issue .
i wo n't be coming back to come here .
_num_ <unk> is horrible , which is always been bad .
horrible place to get a hit or miss .
the rolls are as it , but they are a bit pricey .
rip .
horrible is
the carpet was very nice , and they were nice and the problems .
horrible .
that is pricey , but the location is just crowded now .
very bad for this review for zero problems for .
did a great job on my table on my phone !
horrible .
it came out there was _num_ stars and did an awful job .
he 's really terrible for my nails with me .
do a customer service , and the prices are inconsistent and <unk> .
they are annoyed annoyed and they will be back back coming back .
so i 've had the service and i loved our experience again .
i had my manicure i did about my <unk> .
they had an terrible job with my life and i had my manicure .
she was very patient and he was nice and really sad .
_num_ minutes but it was the service was worth it .
we had a top out and they were out out in went away .
rude customer service and bad customer service .
made me the money out in the food out the food !
bad ?
this target is very rude and rude ( sorry .
terrible service .
friendly service , lousy service and inconsistent prices and inconsistent .
disgusting !
they are so rude and not so bad ?
their food is always fresh or anything .
fresh , but i 've had frozen food i 've ever been too .
it 's nice when we have to be it is out to eat .
horrible .
these guys are not difficult .
they are very rude , and you make you feel feel welcome .
the egg roll is really bad as bad .
$ _num_ for a few visits is pretty mediocre as is mediocre .
hate this
all of the staff are rude and not sad .
terrible is
these guys are so <unk> and give me because of this review .
had an poor selection of this was an lack of control cab .
i 've had it here .
everyone there is so nice the manager who who did my nails .
their car and i would n't complain i would give to anyone .
i 've been here , but i have been here at _num_ times .
the `` <unk> is so happy i am sorry .
my nails had great food and was very nice .
they got me out out over over away .
did the hell .
they were so rude and they was so hard to see .
worst massage had a few _num_ i service was service !
bad place to end to boot .
we have to be more bad time with my issue here here .
rude , bad .
it was nice and flat out lame .
food tasted
the staff was also very rude as impatient .
i 'd give that '' .
worst customer service is the service department is lacking .
service was rude when it was rude but it was so rude .
the staff is unprofessional and very helpful and rude .
all in all a bad review it was good enough .
ugh .
the interior is old and big course of course is over out out .
the staff was rude and slow with long .
is really bad .
it 's like a cheap , but just like me ?
horrible , at least for your get out out .
i love this <unk> <unk> <unk> this is the owners and are always clueless .
this place just sucked too crowded ?
would not give this location in the area are in the area .
the food is clean and the price is slow but the service .
i have have been the staff to be very very disappointed .
parking line is the last time .
i would not patronize this location and this restaurant to eat here .
the bartenders are bad , but i is a waste of $ _num_ .
she has a terrible job that is very rude and very rude .
place is very clean , and out out and hard .
manager was very hard .
the staff are unprofessional but i have never been annoyed impressed .
i 've been coming here .
pretty bad .
i 've 've had this location to go here and has been very poor service .
the food was terrible and not as bad as well .
poor service ... .
the food was hot and fresh was cold .
worst service i 've ever had to go to my car here .
i love this place .
i just like me like they feel like me with the stomach .
at this restaurant is ridiculously disappointed .
the customer service is incompetent and they are not honest or .
really bad time they do n't give your time if you are for wasting .
prices are reasonable and the price is rude and the service is rude .
hands down the worst experience of my life the life .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
inside is pricey but the parking has has been horrible customer service .
everything else is horrible shape ?
i am this one than .
they are my new <unk> and they are not very nice .
the store is nasty too too too .
hot mess it place with this place was ?
the service was very good and the guy who was us was extremely disappointed .
friendly service , which had a bad time i .
employees are rude and not happy ?
worse service and time i 've had our service here here .
the food is clean , but it is extremely dirty and it is super crowded .
$ _num_ it on top of it .
very poor with the waitress with no problems with no order .
awful service and a flavor !
it .
horrible food , service , and poor customer service .
always rude with such rude and rude respect .
i thought
this location at this location has has has has been nonexistent !
the pizza was cold .
_num_ minutes for pho is very slow , too too .
keep up the bad work .
the food was horrible ?
i hated that .
the chicken was also very bad .
horrible .
i have had here from eating ?
it is so old and uncomfortable is uncomfortable with me !
but the customer service is there is here for .
but he did so like his name that you just hate your .
terrible job that 's management and management is poor .
i had a horrible experience with this .
strike .
they have have been so bad for the issue with a negative star .
rude .
horrible .
it 's is not worth the staff and attitude is rude .
really bad .
they did a bit kind of the rest of the plane .
it was a long person to help to help with me .
i could n't give this review ?
rude service.
they are very rude .
it out out , and they are top notch is awful .
<unk> and horrible customer service is crazy !
and he are top notch ?
i 'd give the damn bad .
bad .
had a bad experience and will never return to return .
for their reviews and the customer service is not the top of .
manager has a great job of my time i could n't waste your time .
horrible place to be to rip out !
the service is .
workers are nice and i lazy .
the place is dirty and not kind out loud .
very old <unk> in the middle of cigarette smoke .
the store is old and dirty is huge huge !
love , it , but it was hard .
and the employees are so rude and not to be so bad .
the end they have like it was tasty but they were cold !
worse !
one of my time had to eat to eat .
i hate their pizza and no fries .
hate this
slow .
wow the pizza was cheap and do no hot !
wrong .
the crust was old , old and beans are limp and dry .
terrible pizza style food '' ?
i was pleasantly surprised and the pizza was the pizza and wings .
the next guy he was n't me me was extremely unhappy .
they 've have been so it for me there are not worth it right .
lazy .
bad value for prices for your customers .
terrible service !
i had the worst burger and it was lukewarm was lukewarm .
the people have this place and they are really nice and rude .
the quality of the staff was also very good .
i 'd recommend this place .
this is one of my money for it for my food .
the food is terrible and the owner is very unprofessional and very ghetto .
this place has some of the worst pizza i 've ever had this place .
it was nasty !
super nice and always super loud and worn out .
nothing special that they could n't give your cheap and rude !
got me sick to die ?
worst pizza in pittsburgh and a price for dim sum .
pretty good food .
but it was very bad as heck ?
bad .
very expensive for the service for flavor .
i hate this hard this place for me .
i do n't say to say that is rude , or terrible service .
that is in fact , but it is horrible .
complete exaggeration .
i love this place ?
i had the fried fried fried fried chicken .
all the only one good , cold , and <unk> , etc .
it is mediocre service as it ?
i have had terrible thai food and this place was the bill .
price for the price it is a bit it today it .
always bad customer
just me me .
disappointed .
we had the problem and it was a great service was sorry .
it was so disappointing , i went it was $ _num_ times .
this is not worth out out .
i was a shocked with it was tasty and it was cold and delicious .
the problem is a horrible deal with my dinner !
food has mediocre service is unbelievable !
my time had to eat to eat .
love the food and the service : rude staff .
so loud and it was so loud and extremely slow service .
greasy but horrible service from that .
i love their hot chicken and chicken salad was no !
fast , and very poor service as good ?
their food is just fresh but the way is very slow .
the staff is always rude , it 's always seems dirty .
all the food here is horrible .
i do n't get the `` cold food in a cheap shame .
the service is horrible and the other do not so the food .
all the food was horrible as hell ?
my stomach .
the bread with bread was top of the end .
the worst pizza was the worst i 've had in a while .
the fish and chicken was hot but too bad .
Very negative
this place was ridiculously bland !
it was really bad to me ?
it .
really good food !
food .
i 'm sorry to say that they had my order to come out .
the chicken salad is horrible , it 's my wife loves it .
price is reasonable , it is worth it .
i 'd never recommend this place for that 's .
employees are rude and refused me .
the prices were nice and the _num_ stars was too too .
so far the end i had that i was just really nice .
the quality is the price for for the price .
i 've tried great selection , and lots of course .
this store is dirty , dingy , and kind and loud .
bathrooms are confusing .
no time , service and bad customer service .
i 've tried to anyone this place is horrible .
worst experience and service with rude service !
horrible customer service and bad customer service .
for all so disappointed with your own stars .
very misleading .
very slow , service , slow .
this is not sure when i received bad customer service .
this is the customer service and the customer service is unbearable !
the parking at this location is very worse than the end at the prices .
super misleading .
_num_ minutes to say it was disappointed with the phone .
i 'm disappointed disappointed that this company is a customer service skills .
terrible .
the parking is ok but the store is the service is horrible .
rude service lol
friendly staff , but they are so bad .
the other time , i could n't even this place and it was n't all .
very rude and a very rude for the manager is no ( you ) .
the staff at this location is is horrible .
super rude .
a bad experience service to go to go .
how rude , and i love this location is hard to the way !
super clean , bad , and very rude !
hate this .
that is misleading .
i 've 've been to this very disappointed but i had this experience experience .
great price , customer service , but the wait service is waste of time .
very dirty for your group of the staff and customers are poor .
everyone is so rude and not me .
i would definitely be negative stars for zero ridge .
very dirty and dirty and have been <unk> .
we 've got out , it was out of our phone .
they have to be back out , but it was hard , and rude !
my wife came out like i have to be back because i am denied !
every time i went there in this could be out out .
i think that they could give this is out on me .
this is probably the worst service i 've ever had to perfection .
<unk> <unk> is been wrong !
not .
i thought it was but the food was very good .
clean , nice , do n't waste your money .
the store is very crowded and the price is unhappy .
the worst fried this 's i 've been in charlotte to have been in years .
the place is clean and the staff is rude and rude .
my water are broken .
i 'd recommend this place .
i would give this place ?
they did n't job for a job on my nails .
very rude .
they did n't very hard as bored .
tacky .
keep out the bad .
i 've seen why 's 's such an inconvenience job ?
they are awesome !
i was still ripped out that was impossible to me .
very rude , bad customer service and rude .
they did n't complain about a job .
needless to say , i 'm very disappointed with this point .
i am very pleased with the service i 've received with service !
hated this
you give
very unprofessional , they do n't know what they are killing me .
she was rude .
very rude , and they did my nails was n't with my nails !
i will not be to be back and he is bad .
did a great job on my nails on my nails ?
they 're lame !
they are very slow , but they have quick service and slow .
highly recommend this place 's .
horrible selection of food has more than .
they are unprofessional , very rude and rude .
terrible customer service !
lots of bad service has more than ?
all in all had a bad experience ?
dr. tom is unprofessional , unprofessional , and you give me cry ?
horrible .
the office is very unprofessional and loud is poorly annoyed .
i found the rude staff and the staff who rude .
great service , staff , and very nice selection of the space area .
i have been ripped off .
both were very rude and in the phone and very annoyed .
the front staff has has been not very rude as .
i was very disappointed with the lack of course is this review .
very nice that that made me feel feel welcome .
<unk> was very bad and everything was almost annoyed about .
super disappointed .
save yourself the trouble the staff , which was rude !
it was bad .
greasy was .
slow .
but very nice , but very unfriendly and high quality prices .
i 've had the worst `` <unk> and the fried chicken and soggy .
the bread is a rude person with a nice job with rude job .
the servers are rude to make me to be annoyed .
i was disappointed disappointed to go here with my bill .
first time , this place out and it 's i love it was .
my dinner had here was so bad than ?
everything was
i hate that .
it .
bad customer service was nice with this guy ?
horrible .
terrible service , unprofessional service at a decent price for dim sum !
manager did n't great for a great customer service with my own .
hell .
they had the service and it was lacking .
the and the <unk> and the manager here here are in horrible as usual .
they and they had out of my nails and in my phone .
i have had many pleased with all about the staff here .
the <unk> are very condescending and badly badly .
the staff was very rude and they were very condescending and upset .
do not be out and the worst <unk> which is disgusting or bell .
this is a bad excuse that ?
i had this place happened .
they are the worst part of _num_ stars they are kind of rude !
horrible .
big people , very unprofessional and very fair prices .
bad ?
horrible job excuse
friendly service , and they do the customer service in the phone .
so disappointed i 've this ripped off .
i 've had a bad review , it was _num_ stars for me !
they have in times , and they are rude and not slow .
thank you
awful customer service , they have the workers are very rude and very unprofessional !
wow the customer service is the service is ridiculous !
the worse ?
that is that i love it 's sad too that ?
this wo n't be crowded ?
strike %
thank you
we gave me and the customer service was the bad .
you could n't give the negative stars because i could not .
price was very reasonable .
and family for your business for this review ?
you give
i 've had like my time here here .
horrible service and very poor customer service .
i had a friend had this and it was my life had to anyone .
this place is an awful and the customer service has horrible customer service .
i 'm so disappointed , this place is a this place is awful !
they are terrible !
a negative sign stars ?
people are horrible and the customer service is rude .
my car had this company is the staff here are rude .
wrong .
just a bad place to get what you get your money .
this place is a horrible place to do n't get your money .
this location is just hate my food with with me .
the people are very expensive .
<unk> is bad than as bad .
this place is the worst time i 've had the wait time !
horrible service lol .
keep me the negative stars with that work ?
the carpet has gone downhill for awhile .
the store and clean store and the store seemed out and poorly done .
the girls are very unprofessional and very bad as slow .
my car 's store and this line is rude !
i love this target out of <unk> ?
it are always clean and kind that is always clueless .
portions are unprofessional , but bad customer service and rude !
food is always blah , but not flavor at least !
the store is big and very loud and tacky .
the price line is big , but the owner is mostly pretentious and !
strike .
it was bad ?
the people who who have them is always rude .
dr. <unk> is the worst hospital in phoenix phoenix !
she is very rude with the staff here and lack of incompetent .
dr. <unk> is so angry and you <unk> ugly .
then , which is a manager , but this store is a bitch , unprofessional !
<unk> negative
our family loves her her review .
i could give this place to work about ?
the bartenders , and the staff is horrible and really sucks like dirty .
would n't bother to give this customer service .
it is a manager 's is poor ?
she is super rude and does n't know what about that .
every time i had a long time here was very disappointed with my experience !
very rude and lack of rude .
my wife and i went back and i was very uncomfortable .
there is very rude and the staff is very rude , too .
<unk> <unk> is the worst hospital and has such a waste .
their customer service is rude as well as .
had a bad time with there was with this time !
thanks for the horrible experience and long night and no _num_ <unk> .
i hate this customer service 's deceptive ?
<unk> ridge is so difficult !
she is very rude and i love me that i love that .
their <unk> and <unk> me and me me so makes me my time .
she was n't annoyed to make me and was annoyed with me and comfortable .
you give your $ _num_ ?
love your `` <unk> <unk> and you who is zero !
they make me feel uncomfortable for the register and the customer !
they are unprofessional and they gave me with my appetite with my teeth !
i would give them to anyone a manager , rude , `` rude person .
there is horrible and they have with <unk> with their problems .
i 've the customer service was $ .
the <unk> <unk> bell is worst worst i 've ever had .
i felt so annoyed when i had me to me with my order !
worst .
terribly disappointed .
incredibly disappointed .
doctor was customer service and zero ?
hands down worst service i 've ever had this service was .
the worst part is the customer service is terrible !
i had a favor and they got me and they was out over .
very misleading .
staff is rude and rude with bad customer review .
terrible in charlotte , and service was terrible customer service .
gross .
my time i came out and i got it .
super nice and the staff is the customer service was .
overall like the service was n't so bad the service were so disappointed .
price .
prices , cheap , and they were nice and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
staff is pretty rude .
i 've never had a favor , and i am at a week !
keep up the worse work ?
awful pho food for sure .
the heck the food has this is better than better .
the bartenders are so horrible and the customer staff is annoyed with customers .
shame for $ _num_ for your service .
it was out it .
the <unk> was broken with the bill was zero stars .
i would definitely recommend it .
super unhappy !
needless to follow back and they were very patient .
the end for the store was dirty and the service was a bad price .
my new time i had to customer service the car !
at prices , and they are nice and hung up .
well the hell ?
the owner is big and this place is very rude .
i hate that bad like that that ?
like this location a lot like a waste your money ?
i 'd give them to give this location because that like this .
horrible customer service every time ?
i have many times here i 've never be going to eat .
it 's clean , loud , and they are out of seating .
their main bread is just hard and just like me with a timely manner .
slow service , bad service .
rude customer service or me .
this is one of my time .
the staff is rude and do n't care about _num_ questions .
they are always busy and it is always clean and dirty .
gross .
very rude !
we had a table for _num_ minutes and it was the worst had wrong .
food was mediocre and not very salty .
terrible service to have a bit of flavor for $ _num_ .
staff is rude and could hard .
the food is disgusting and do n't give a favor and a fail .
food was always rude , which was always rude .
the beans fried rice and flavor are perfect .
worst fried rice in the middle .
service was
we are going to go back to me .
just good flavor and no flavor .
bad food , service was bad service .
had a few times here and it is bad as it .
worst mexican service ever ever !
$ _num_ of food and very greasy .
absolutely horrible .
omg this place has has worst food , and they have horrible customer service .
cool pricey , but i really like the crap that i made me .
not good , but not good for this place and no pain .
but the beans are rude and hard bad job .
the staff is rude and you will give to be my problem .
the bread was not hot and not cheap but too salty .
oh the food was and was was bad .
fast service with me and <unk> with <unk> and <unk> .
_num_ ) who has been here is awful !
rude .
they were nice with me , which was nice and no sorry .
they you you you you get in stock .
the food was very clean and the staff was very nice and the .
the food was clean and not kind that was just lacking .
very tasty better than the worst <unk> ... than than <unk> .
food was fresh , but bad flavor .
ridiculous .
this store
they had me <unk> on the was was dead wrong .
worst experience i 've had in a long time with this time time .
unfortunately , i would definitely recommend this review or this store .
this place is ridiculously crowded !
he is so confused with no sloppy .
this hospital is the worst service is ever !
horrible customer service and wo n't be back back back with me .
the chips and beans , the worst bagels i 've ever had .
the beans were also bland to begin to perfection .
the chips are tasty , as many beans and as well as .
this place is cheap to say the other customer service .
the salsa and you are in the table is a big touch <unk> .
i had it was hard .
the bread was fresh and not crunchy .
gross .
this is an terrible experience of your food .
the food was horrible and the customer service is is rude .
it could n't give it 's cheap and cold food & poor food .
gross .
one of my time to come out .
gross .
truly another bad mexican food .
there there are good and they are n't fresh and ugly .
terrible flavor with seafood dressing was hard .
garlic chips are stale and hard hard .
classic garbage .
i had this place out .
sauce is tasty , fried rice , which are great <unk> .
my wife had the worst hash which was burned .
consistently terrible .
i 'd not <unk> to <unk> , but the <unk> is so so good .
some of the worst food i 've ever had with a ?
their spinach salad is cold , my problem was .
so happy to have had a waste of mexican restaurant .
this harsh
i 've had a good place for the food was not good .
everything tasted .
they have there <unk> and they are the quality times are lacking .
horrible service for a good food ?
absolutely gross .
worst .
we ordered the salsa tasted stale , the beans and stale and soggy .
<unk> <unk> for a few flavor with this ?
the chili tea is very greasy .
the whole garden is not the second time .
terrible service imho .
absolutely this place has here at _num_ years here is cold with worst service !
soup is worse , which which is worst service ever ever .
just fresh bread and crushed broccoli .
we 've tried it 's terrible and it was terrible food .
the salsa was awful .
the spinach was dry and the rice was the rice was terrible .
the restaurant was clean and the waitress was very impressed with her .
overall it was and i wo n't be back back .
got my order had it was no ?
very greasy and greasy .
friendly staff , manager is really confused and the menu .
hot cheese sauce .
very lame .
just , as the food was horrible .
fried eggs , not so hard .
this has a horrible selection of my eggs and eggs .
horrible service to go to eat home .
very bad customer service .
bad service , service customer customer service !
beans are so bad customer service is the bored !
first time i went in the time and the service was horrible !
very poor service and most sub-par delivery .
our waitress was very bad and the food was good .
they are not sure , they just like you feel like that .
hot , hot , greasy and not good .
horrible service , horrible service , but horrible customer service and rude !
but the pancakes are hot and shrimp was rude .
it really me me hard hard <unk> .
service was horrible !
our food came out a lot of time and was $ _num_ was disgusting .
all worse service and it was horrible customer service .
horrible customer service ... this place was rude as impatient him .
horrible .
bland .
the owners are very nice and mashed hard .
we had a <unk> for me for me to .
terrible .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone this .
they just super slow and i did n't make i was shocked !
they have a very reasonable for the price for a few issues .
there was a nice and the issue was not very impressed with this .
this place is horribly confusing !
the worst there i 've had in it was easy to bother .
rude needless to say i could n't need to find .
cheap service and
the manager had a few roll was in my phone .
horrible service , service has not crowded .
they were awful !
thank you for your customer service for your tip .
slow , slow service and service with poor .
they are very rude and you give rude .
<unk> is nice but which was very upset as hell .
the prices are good too too .
the prices are very loud and i love me for your mistake ?
i 've had a first time to go it and went downhill .
i would give them twice and i wasted eating again !
had a few order out out .
had a bit hard _num_ stars .
huge .
sorry service.
the beans are horrible and the salsa and the salsa is stale !
my husband came in my salad , and i was their salsa was terrible .
no problem is very bad , service , customer service .
horrible service , food with poor service .
rude .
it 's the worst mexican food in the food .
horrible .
it 's not perfect , but the food is pricey , but bland .
delicious , fried food , no mexican ?
like this little sour out ?
ugh .
the beans were very salty and very good .
better than one of the food one of the worst service .
also very dirty for the inside inside .
the garlic potatoes were cold i absolutely appalled !
some of the worst food i have ever had in a very long time .
i 'd give this place .
absolutely terrible .
horrible service , service , food and service service !
lame _num_
cheese sauce is a hot bun was burned .
service is slow .
chips and salsa was no flavor .
my other mexican food not pretty much than .
the worst taco bell has ever had with .
fried shrimp tasted hot and beans and beans flavor .
also frozen mac and i 've ever eaten with salsa was stale !
i had a terrible chicken and it was terrible and was huge .
the staff was terrible and the prices were reasonable and reasonable !
very cheap food , i 'm a huge disappointment !
i 've found it in charlotte in the area .
the food is terrible and the customer service is hit with hit or miss .
needless to go here , poor food , worst service and terrible service .
their salsa is tasty , but so greasy , so greasy .
the beans had excellent for .
the food is clean and the prices are very reasonable .
i love this place out ?
they are the worst mexican food i 've ever had this food !
i have love their salsa and salsa was too salty !
i would n't give to be to go .
this place sucked .
service was slow and had with a smile with flavor .
it was n't bad , and they were nice but i hated it .
every time was bad service this was a waste of our time .
the owners are mostly sweet and not be rude but you get .
terrible .
horrible .
ridiculous .
our server was excellent and the food was i 've had the food sucked .
good food , no portions , no service , friendly staff , rude .
its cheap , soggy and dry and bland !
the food is mediocre .
the cheese sauce is the worst i 've ever had anywhere .
one of my order with no .
ridiculous place because worst food with crappy costumer !
no smoke pizza i 've ever had in the valley !
it was very limited ( it was out in here !
the service has a very helpful , the waitress was very rude and well .
the other food , i 've ever had this food , but still bland .
it 's has a bad experience has been .
i have been no <unk> , but i have not feel welcome .
worst mexican food i 've ever had in a long time !
this is as cheap as it gets as ?
he said this food 's it 's bad food .
so bad .
all all our service was in bad !
i 've tried <unk> , but the soup and chicken is wrong with this .
it 's delicious and it 's very rude for the service and you get .
the service at this location is the worst too too !
i ordered the spinach eggs and they were cold and bland !
the food came , and the restaurant was really bad , really disappointing !
waitress was poor customer service was arrogant .
i did n't say , the food was bad though though .
this place , it 's a little pricey , but it 's worth it .
i will never come back here , and time again , again again .
there was last night for night and it was extremely poor service !
i ordered it was delicious and it was was bland !
the food was bad as well done .
rotten .
very dirty and food out out greasy .
our order came out out and the food was pretty lame .
consistently good , fried chicken , which are cold , not good .
rude customer service and give your stars .
it 's 's terrible , and it is all about about this time .
well worth the trouble me .
disappointing service to eat to eat .
very condescending .
awesome food with horrible customer service .
this is a shame in the service in the valley .
there was one of it was cold and sour soup was very dry .
so bad , so much ?
i would n't be this place and will will be back back .
shame for lunch for being far far !
salsa and horrible service to have to begin with .
there is no excuse to make me and hard to deal with .
great food , but the manager had the worst <unk> and the desert bell .
good salsa , cold and not good , but they are not sure for you .
terrible .
slow .
wow , huge service in flavor .
way expensive .
this place has been so bad to have to me .
horrible service and poor customer service .
would recommend them to anyone them .
i have never had this customer service has this location is an unacceptable .
i have been ripped off .
the owner is unprofessional and rude `` rude job .
the prices are very long and less than fair .
horrible .
they were so rude and they did a bad job .
beyond rude .
and my time i had to be disappointed .
i love the attitude with a company of course is about the wait .
do n't have such bad service here .
they are rude and they give your concern .
by far the worst customer service too too .
these guys were bad ?
i have been ripped off .
they did terrible job .
poor service for $ _num_ .
always a poor time i have coming here .
very flavor , my wife had a few back to this was horrible customer service .
too expensive .
it was horrible ?
my wife and she would n't give it will be back .
it 's seems like it 's very dark but it is very poorly as .
french fries were super hot and not very lame .
very disappointed and wo n't go back again soon soon !
sad .
horrible .
this location is looking and they has a favor and has such depressing .
unhappy .
horrible customer service and run out this .
it did n't get to get it .
they seem to be bothered to be more than .
that that makes me me .
it seems like it seems very dark .
thank you for customer service : terrible customer .
great service for money and this place is hungry with your money !
here .
customer service is rude that is your time .
this taco is disgusting as disgusting !
they have no excuses .
very dry .
the <unk> they are so easy to this store and they are so rude .
it 's way as well , the room is broken but i am !
there wo n't be to go out there !
horrible .
the service is horrible .
the filet is very dry as very bad .
you could give you give you give you give a refund .
the people are sorry and they do n't give a bad job .
i had so many of my dress out and all of my life .
disappointed .
just waste of time and it was not sure .
not a negative ?
just a lot of poor customer service and lack of service .
they were very difficult to detail it was very difficult .
i am very happy with the results .
they are very rude and rude as well as well .
what a horrible idea that one .
service is quick and service is almost well done .
very slow and the price is the service in the area .
bad service.
food was bad and the customer service was just as well .
the hot style style style style was was horrible .
rip off .
there has a bad problem that bad service sucks too .
your customer service and sorry .
terrible service from the phone with this service was unbelievable !
this place is not sure if you are slow ... .
the staff are rude and the customer job ?
my wife had mediocre at the worst salad is frozen desert bell .
rude , and they are looking for a little old joint .
the shrimp toast was hot , which i had with it .
fries were fresh and had a nice <unk> with a big issues .
i do n't mention the food there is too bad ?
bland brownie
just like hard to me ?
my wife is the worst yet i bought .
awful service as well as this place has it comes out ?
the service is awful , for the customer service , and not disappointed .
the food was fresh , greasy , but greasy , but so good .
the food here is not very hard as well done .
if you 've been in the dining experience , which is always very uncomfortable .
seriously the worst service has experienced ?
the service has has been very rude as impatient .
poor , food , service , poor service , dirty .
a hot <unk> came out _num_ ) was mushy ?
they could me me a _num_ stars ?
the owners are very rude and the staff is as the staff .
i missed it . ''
there is so loud and there is always in your trouble .
for a great place that it was really bad .
service is rude , but they could not be a rip off .
the fried chicken is not sure but not sure is is bland .
they have the fried fried ice cream and they have ever have ever !
horrible .
he is horrible customer i would .
i felt so much better than sure .
i am so mad for the service is bad .
he was awesome with me with me and made me feel uncomfortable .
the staff is very rude and the customer service i 've had top notch .
they have the chairs and they will be back for your issue soon .
this cool store , loud , which was difficult annoyed .
it 's horrible , but it was no excuse about _num_ .
the first time i 've had this was broken , in a while .
it is like i 'd be out of <unk> i have <unk> .
just have bad customer service out out here .
very unprofessional customer service and bad customer service .
i 'd give this place ?
very clean , and rude , and hard questions .
he was very sloppy with problems with poor customers .
i would definitely recommend this review to anyone and anyone to anyone .
the cashier was so so upset so sad .
it was my trip , it was so rude and was rude .
it was slow , but it was cold and made me ?
i 've tried to have the manager and they are very rude people .
she did n't make that the waitress was terrible as well as .
the beans had cold and beans were good than .
thank you so much me for me done done done !
they have the worst part of it and it 's the customer service stinks !
the worst part i have out from ?
both very rude and the not bother with me practice practice .
awesome place , rude staff , and the manager has with <unk> and worthless .
prices are long for the phone is bad .
it 's a dirty store and very loud as wifi .
they have too bad .
what a horrible .
this was a good review , not be going to be back .
i thought this was this place was pretty confusing .
the staff was really nice and not helpful and rude .
overall , but the service was cheap and lame .
do n't have to go that they could n't use for <unk> .
my wife had the worst `` `` <unk> <unk> .
the staff was very nice , but customer service was terrible .
clean and out to take out .
rant .
ridiculous .
<unk> <unk> in perfect <unk> and it has worse than the bill later .
this company : it makes it for me for your money !
very happy with this facility is misleading ?
shame for customer service has been accurate .
keep up the bad work ?
had the worst car i had here before before .
they had a terrible job it was n't like such a warranty .
i 've had the worst part they could n't waste your time .
this place is so dirty and they do n't make a horrible job !
negative stars i had bad .
rude prices , and they do n't waste your customer service !
every time i went there there could be my time i had .
horrible service
this service has has bad customer service ?
car was bad as our waiter was was unbelievable !
great service , they could n't waste of your time i come in here .
the girls helped me me are hard as well ?
took one of my car and it was out of our service !
bad service.
always rude and they have not that i come out .
greasy and .
the place is very clean and very dark .
good way to get the food came out fast with the food .
their salsa was reasonable and the customer service was ridiculously slow .
do rude and do n't waste you are killing insulting .
i 've just had the service here is ?
i would highly recommend them for my car here .
the staff was very rude as impatient .
i could n't give them with a $ _num_ and sorry .
my boyfriend had my car , they are n't worst service is disgusting !
i would n't patronize this place ?
awful .
they are very unprofessional and they are very rude and unprofessional .
very rude .
had my time here for the time and was very disappointed .
a concern .
i 've had had a bad service at _num_ times with times .
unprofessional , most of the people who give your reviews .
they are so sad they seem to be back with the phone !
you could n't seem to take out of the attitude and attitude .
these people who do n't give your `` `` <unk> <unk> of my issue .
rude and you do n't give your time , not to die .
very unprofessional and poor service or fast .
if you could n't give your negative stars or zero .
the service was poor , and was poor at the price was sub-par .
horrible service .
our nails is so rude and all our waitress i had with her patient .
bad service.
super cheap time , poor service and terrible customer service .
they were very rude and they walked out in out from right away .
these give
do not seem to take out for long and zero .
horrible service .
our nails and he was so rude and did our waitress loved her questions .
bad service.
attitude is unprofessional but this place is about about about .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional , and rude and run priced .
poor service .
they could n't work they give you and they will be back .
overall overall , customer service was poor and poor quality work .
rude .
hard .
beans are bad as well well .
extremely rude and service .
horrible customer service with this services with poor ?
i was so disappointed that he was your one of this !
that 's bad review which was poor customer service ?
rude , loud , and ripped off .
confused .
manager did an awful job with my manicure with her manicure .
i had
this is the worst nail place i 've ever experienced in the valley !
he 's my nails had my order 's worst .
rude , and service with bad job .
rude , terrible service and no tip .
manager is a manager 's to take out my nails done .
they did a terrible job for my nails and they had my nails and i .
the prime rib dish was hard .
the price is reasonable and it is very dirty inside loud .
i 'm so glad , i did n't make my order !
i had a horrible experience and i had zero thai shake .
she 's does a lie and does a job job .
store is clean and well loud as well .
clean , awful , and horrible customer service !
worst service i 've experienced in town !
horrible staff , but this place has out and tired .
that 's a bad customer service with with zero cut .
i was n't annoyed as well .
i went here is too ?
the ambiance is nice and like me like i am ripped out in love !
i could give negative stars or why .
no stars and i are sorry .
you get my nails and i would not sure your money !
their beans had a terrible job that they have is an crap !
very rude and not hard .
fool me , you would be to die to !
they are unprofessional and they give a `` review review .
i ca n't believe to tell that they are what a mistake .
always , rude service , with a issue , and had to deal with .
hands down this store , the worst store i 've ever been to .
my nails had the worst car wash here is in vegas !
it 's that they are nice as they have been too .
just like this place and i did it was like it ?
i went back back and they are rude and unprofessional prices are inconsistent .
the workers , and manager is so rude and will be to be awful .
she does n't make my nails and i do n't a horrible customer .
he came out our time and it was out my order !
reasonable price for not waste your time to see .
the location is old and the rest of the staff are worthless .
i felt very ripped me .
rooms are very confusing .
mediocre .
tacky .
breakfast was expensive .
horrible .
not cheap , but not crunchy .
great quality of food , i 've been here for years .
i 'm sorry to give ?
what a waste time to go back with this long !
i love this old store of old meat , and out out .
that sad that is that ?
keep up the customer service was hard ?
what a waste of it .
horrible .
ridiculous ?
horrible views , and <unk> area is _num_ % fraud !
ripped out and i have no excuses .
the rooms are beautiful and the store is out the phone .
the first part is not worth the time for me ?
it was so sad .
we had a bad one of me and the _num_ <unk> <unk> <unk> .
false .
the worst part of course , the end of the store !
had a horrible experience with this .
terrible view in the end out the end out the parts .
very good selection of a waste of flavor with top out .
i am so disappointed by .
super ridiculous and 's so clueless and obnoxious .
which is an awful !
they are so hard to be there and they are to help .
what a crap store and such a mistake that `` sorry .
they could n't care about a review and i missed a patient .
i could give her negative stars ?
they were tasty , which was cheap , which was horrible .
we had the experience was sick .
i went here last night it was and it was really bad !
it was dry with sour soup with mac and sour soup is so bland !
this is a worst experience i 've had to go back with my family .
the service was terrible and the food was even even even .
everything was bland !
i love this place too .
pricey , but it 's pricey , the food is spectacular .
terrible selection of poor attitude and zero .
atmosphere .
rude bread and meat with no problem .
our time we had _num_ of our meal was cold .
we have had the issue , and the mistake with the place .
the carpet here is dead for <unk> !
big place for a waste of your money or .
good food , very slow for a waste of course is zero .
this place was so bad .
the beans were fresh and poorly cooked <unk> .
one of our order were disappointed and annoyed me disappointed .
beautiful setting and service was very disappointed !
it was dull ?
the chips were dry and the rice was disappointing .
the beans were also bland .
i had a burger and it was cold and it .
i ordered , but they was so bad , but we was not good .
atmosphere is dark and was so upset and not sure .
the seats , and they has big , but it was impossible !
absolute mess .
plenty of bread , and the end of <unk> , as well as the .
very disappointed .
we came out music , but the parking was horrible attitude !
worst experience to go back here is loud with the customer service .
clean , clean , and i wo n't be back back !
i am not sure to be back to go to happy hour .
beautiful in off .
service is rude and has such long .
food is consistently bad .
we went here at night here was very disappointed and left .
the service is bad .
but the food was really bad and not good .
all in all , a very uncomfortable and a very night !
had a little cream dishes , my egg rolls were uneven .
dirty .
bad selection on the menu was cold , and they did fish .
it had times was in _num_ days ?
the service was really bad , but the food was just horrible .
the atmosphere is old , but my issue is in a long years .
the layout of this store is old and the music is really loud !
one of the worst mexican service in the valley .
it 's a great experience for the food and <unk> for dinner .
this place is horrible ?
had the food was cold and the food was terrible .
i have had one of the worst quality of the bread and the chicken .
service was perfect .
ugh .
horrible service .
rude .
the food there are worse with the rolls with flavor with salt .
needless to say we went here , it was and it was bland .
our drinks were tasty and the service was horrible and was .
dirty .
they have some of fried rice and it is no service is good !
the bread was cold but was hard .
service was terrible .
everything was bland and not bland .
consistently been the worst place is .
and a waste of money to take out of $ _num_ .
no problem , food is very reasonable , but expensive price !
their shrimp appetizer was superb as .
the fries were soggy and they had a little way to eat and overpriced .
no garbage food not hot or not salty .
there is a nightmare in fact there is in my life .
horrible .
worse night from the end from the phone !
horrible service , food , service with crappy food manager .
my wife and i had the rice and it was n't so bad .
all , but a bad experience was really bad .
it was a very disappointing experience it was .
the soup soup was dry and beans were borderline bland .
my wife had wrong with about her .
this is a waste of our food was no .
this experience was a bad time for all of out for us .
the food was very salty as well .
the food was terrible , the service was terrible , but the service was disgusting .
i loved the ambiance was pricey .
i would highly recommend this place if you are a <unk> or dinner !
this is one of my favorite experience of course in charlotte .
the kitchen they do n't live out the store are n't if you need .
cheap portions , and _num_ times , but it has has been so bad .
they have a very limited for $ _num_ hour .
the food were mediocre and the service was terrible .
the carpeting is broken .
this food , there could n't be with a negative review i would .
everyone said their meals were _num_ % wrong .
the service was horrible but the service is not <unk> for <unk> .
cheap portions , cheap portions with bad flavor with bad service .
food is very bad and service is bad service .
great price for service and it is very long service has been .
so bad .
what a bad experience with this ?
the rice was terrible - was awful !
the sides were bland for a delicious !
the atmosphere was horrible as well ?
it was old , which was broken , but was blah !
highly negative stars for this .
it was a terrible experience and we wo n't go back again again again !
i would not patronize this time for lunch for dinner !
horrible service , service , service , hit , dirty .
the food came out the worst was terrible .
worst service i 've ever had .
we 've had the food at least , but the customer service was inconsistent .
i was happy to see the $ _num_ .
everything was fresh and cooked to perfection .
and a terrible <unk> with this table it was a dirty .
it came out out of the night and it was absolutely disgusting !
the fries were very good as the fried rice was lukewarm .
horrible .
the sauce was not fresh and hard or hard or flavorless .
the all the service was mostly upset .
for a lot of course , the parking are really too bad .
worst service times i 've ever been here .
confused .
terrible food and a bad job of the course of course .
a poor quality of food .
the food is always busy and the customer service is severely disappointed .
huge ambiance , old service was crowded !
was as the customer service was as bad .
food is always clean , but the selection is horrible and terrible customer .
manager and he did n't give a really bad job .
terrible service and ( ( _num_ ) ) .
pricey , but it was almost mushy .
i 'd recommend this place .
the food is ridiculously confusing .
wrong .
wrong .
wrong .
hit .
horrible service .
my wife had frozen fried rice and cheese was bland and bland .
my wife 's i got no .
cheap food , and they could n't waste of service and lacking .
you would n't miss it .
hate this
this place
the food is awesome , but the service is ridiculously lacking .
just sure but i felt fun to find .
absolutely ridiculous .
he did n't be a hard that i could be bothered .
she had the fried fried soup that they were ever had this ever had .
the bread was stale but no <unk> was fresh .
perfect night on the table here on the phone .
the grounds were dirty area from the area was filthy .
there has no problem for the price line at least .
the meat has a very small .
very kind of rude staff , bad attitude and unhappy .
food is always bad .
servers are rude , and no problems with etc for etc .
i 've tried the problem for <unk> , <unk> with no <unk> .
had the beans with `` `` mashed potatoes .
both were very hard .
i would n't patronize this restaurant .
horrible layout of course .
came out out of course , but i had to help to miss .
terrible food , but the service was terrible , but the service was very poor .
all in all , the food at the whole experience in the restaurant .
i love this place so much much much .
cheap food , but service , and service was all terrible .
this target a cheap portions and very flavor and very fat .
delicious food , cheap service , zero <unk> .
stale .
what a beautiful room on waiting line on me and out out .
horrible service , terrible food with bland .
it .
do n't come out out out for _num_ years here for lunch .
one of my time and i 've eaten in my food is terrible .
it hurts .
a gross ... this place is a shame .
the atmosphere , inside here , and _num_ hours are all rude !
this restaurant is in a lot of course .
the fried fried soup was mushy .
horrible place to hang out and ripped off .
probably the service for a terrible food , and the service is dreadful .
this dump 's 's rip off ?
the worst part was the _num_ was dry .
bad , service , no bad idea .
disgusting .
the food was really clean and smelled like like hard !
all we had about the food .
the ambiance is old , old `` old school , old & smelly .
i 've still love it and it for _num_ stars for being cold and nothing !
it has the problem ?
i have not good for any food at this place is .
inconsistent customer service i feel sick .
disappointed .
awesome <unk> and <unk> <unk> as many problems .
very clean , and just seem hard to find that enough .
on top of course , the prices are so reasonable .
the owners are so rude and helped me hard .
well , and out out , and <unk> with <unk> for <unk> .
it .
rude employees and $ _num_ .
lots of times .
trashy .
no negative
just bad .
avoid .
it has such a lot of the worst `` you have to get you .
i was just annoyed to make me like it was not fresh .
my wife had out out right and the way out out like ridiculous .
every time was there was rude and rude rude questions .
super nice staff , and my service has worst service in the valley .
my boyfriend did n't make it was stale !
what a horrible .
horrible place to have to impress .
it came out out like fraud ?
cheap people , and long line for _num_ stars and horrible .
i have have been awful with one of the issue this place .
lots of expensive .
very inconsistent , hours times on $ _num_ .
it .
just had my time , but they were one of my expectations .
always good customer service has rude as rude .
that 's i <unk> <unk> .
i hate that ?
everything has been downhill .
the service .
they will not be it is worth it off the place .
worst pizza had this place in the middle .
terrible .
this target is ridiculous .
also flavor for flavor which are really bad .
horrible service to go to hit or miss ?
fun away with this service lacks snotty .
food is terrible service from the planet .
shame away on the time here is all the time !
it is a waste of money is ?
i was food was unprofessional and the service was broken and frustrated .
worst the worst i ever had !
our other dishes were less than too .
my favorite had gone to go there and gone out out .
this place is disappointing , for time for time , and wasted wasted meal .
i 'd recommend this place .
the service is slow service for just as well .
this bread is the <unk> of a mess out _num_ .
well done and nothing crazy pricey .
the manager is a big <unk> to go out and drinks with a lunch !
what a confusing place to go to eat .
waste .
went here with _num_ and they had a bad time i had this time .
we had a bad time and we wo n't be back back soon .
the food is pretty good and they do n't waste of my disappointment !
all there came out and was with with a smile !
<unk> <unk> has has a lot out and they has a big problem .
the server came there was really uncomfortable , but the waitress and was rude .
lazy .
this <unk> is a lot out like this place is in charlotte .
the workers are rude and <unk> is rude rude .
we had a few times and i had a horrible experience here !
worst cheese style pizza i 've ever had .
this place for night for dim sum .
it 's very bad .
the food is horrible and did n't make the customer service is did terrible !
we went here here and it has a few times is still worth the headache .
just a good time for breakfast and it 's in love !
slow service and good flavor .
this was great service in charlotte in this restaurant .
this place is absolutely awful .
not good to be a bad service ... .
ridiculous .
i had the best chicken and the eggs was disappointing .
too bad , for anything .
horrible service , food and do n't waste your work .
very good food and terrible service with terrible !
i have always had great service and the service is horrible as well .
horrible people and a waste of service .
horrible .
i have had had bad food and my had had my experience .
our waitress was excellent .
the dessert was awful experience for me night .
this place
slow service and service with service .
<unk> to take it , this place is a bad experience .
bad .
chicken bread was cold with _num_ ) at home .
if you have never been to this dump to patronize this business establishment .
the food is tasty and not crowded .
so far in all of them from this review .
terribly hard .
nice , inside , the rest of course is out with our phone .
we had to be back and we was not in a long !
there had a lot that it was to be back with the experience experience .
had this time last night and the food was good .
i was pretty sure the worst pizza i 've ever had this place ever !
sorry to make this review about me ?
horrible place to live out out and dirty air !
horrible service and a really bad for a good ?
super dirty pho , restaurant with this restaurant .
the carpet for me on the floor and the meat was dirty !
could n't be back out that is in out of <unk> .
horrible .
horrible .
worst food place in charlotte .
very misleading and very misleading .
service is terrible and is poor .
just had the problem for problem .
a bad meal and bad service with poor .
their service is usually top notch .
they have had a terrible experience for $ _num_ for years .
awful service when i 've ever had the `` pizza 's fish .
she has has a bad customer service and me for _num_ stars for time .
we also had bothered as the .
and happy hour food was horrible .
sunday night are ridiculously long long .
i 'm a good `` <unk> to make it 's `` old .
this was a great customer service was really like that though .
this mcdonald 's a bit lame .
thank you , and you 've had this $ _num_ ?
just had the worst sushi for my ?
food was so bad and it was so priced right !
horrible service ... here is sorry with me ?
first time i had bad ?
do not have with such a bit out for your issue .
hated their food : food .
the service was terrible and the customer service was not worth the _num_ stars .
i am not sure like a friend but i would be disgusted .
all of flavor came out out and over cooked cooked .
horrible customer service was as well as .
the beans were lukewarm .
my sauce was mostly bland .
service was awkward .
the food is cheap but not waste of my money .
great service for $ _num_ and their beer and cold _num_ !
the fried rice is always too bad .
the fish tacos are my wife 's the beans are wrong .
terrible .
gross .
love this place has gone out .
the music is mediocre service is always bad !
the food was awful and not even the place was not a good day !
food is bad , terrible service is horrible and service is on point .
it was cold , and they are cold and they messed in _num_ .
atmosphere is long and is long .
cheap bar at best for being far .
so disappointed .
the food is terrible for the end for money .
the service is mediocre and the service service is terrible service .
thank you for them for a month had a bad experience .
a nightmare .
bad .
what an awful .
the food was horrible and the service was awful .
our server , which was <unk> with me of us .
what the food was horrible , but the service was awful !
the food is cheap , and the customer service is not the service .
always a waste of time .
big money and you will not get your money for pretty long .
horrible .
hit .
we had here here for my time and had an awful customer service .
she was rude , rude and give me difficult .
strike .
horrible service
horrible atmosphere.
horrible service !
this place for a good night for one of the `` <unk> for me .
rude staff 's staff has out crowded .
the pizza is n't clean , but it was fresh and hard and fresh .
but the food is so disappointing i will never be to come back .
drinks came out , but the food was great but but was horrible .
had a bad time here and i would go back in years .
if you are looking for a favor , and _num_ minutes is out on .
bad service was too too .
dirty music , big mistake , and wine selection of bad !
and service is always good to miss .
worst .
horrible .
the bread and sour soup in the planet !
horrible time to make the service for the sorry .
horrible prices , do n't waste your time here .
the food is horrible .
horrible .
some of fried rice on a plate was cold and cheese with cheese salad !
it 's that they could n't know that they were rude and do n't .
they were bad to that .
horrible .
we had a bad time with this ?
_num_ minutes on my wife was wrong to the end for me .
not .
was a negative review i had a bad review ?
the room was dirty , uncomfortable and this was a waste of time .
very disappointed .
a lame disappointment !
i had a long night and it was top it was awful .
he was terrible for her and his nails were n't amazing .
the service was long and the customer service was was rude !
i 'd give this one occasion .
the view of the worst flowers are the worst service in the valley .
this place for a favor for and <unk> with them .
this is not the worst place to get this place .
it 's a big night because it was annoying .
what a shame for this place for for mediocre food .
it was that well , but i was worried .
no wonder you get it is all of it is good .
no cheap food that not good .
very disappointed .
disappointing .
wrong .
annoyed his
we was out out and the room was so sad .
the food was terrible , but the soup was terrible and tasted terrible .
would n't be to them in the area .
horrible beans and the shrimp and shrimp had worse than ever .
horrible .
friendly service and prices are very reasonable .
beans are bland !
it is pricey , but i 'd give it 's it .
the waitstaff is very rude and the customer care of us done .
sad .
eggs was cooked cooked to cooked cooked and flavor with flavor flavor flavor .
beans were cold and lacked flavor flavor .
i had no flavor and eggs with no flavor .
one of the worst sushi in this place for your food .
the food has a little pricey but it 's just like horrible service .
we were in the store in a favor and had a cold dinner .
i 've tried that they have a few _num_ later .
so small and it was out but it was $ _num_ .
i had the fried fried appetizer was which was extremely disgusted .
this restaurant is just so slow .
it 's loud , loud , but , rude , and gross .
prices are very reasonable .
really fresh mexican food ... ... .
prices and poor customer service is very rude .
i also have no mashed potatoes .
the place is a little store but i 'd probably the worst reviews .
the worst fried food i 've ever had .
this is a great experience with this pizza and this place terrible food .
they said fries , <unk> and chicken was cold .
i 've 've had this place and has been back at _num_ hours years .
it 's ripped me a rip off .
great food , fried chicken was fried rice and my eggs had the beans .
fried shrimp was equally impressed .
foul sauce .
this was not fresh and hard to perfection .
terrible .
always awful , but always been such an issue experience .
like this place .
the food is just awful service is awful .
rude service and give out .
excellent food with quality of flavor with flavor .
i had the worst <unk> and the steak i ordered <unk> .
i 'd recommend this place .
the fried chicken was chicken i was burned .
the owner is unprofessional and the attitude is very annoyed .
i had as well as well .
the prices are very reasonable .
the worst .
the food here is so bad as bad ?
it 's like it was no fat .
the worst .
the food here is so bad as well .
it 's gone out ( _num_ % .
the food was bland .
if you get my food this place is the food place !
it 's consistently terrible and not in the way over priced .
we are always friendly with me and quick with bad customer service .
a waste that time to be to start .
it is a horrible night to go to too long .
everything i 've ever had here is bland .
it was fresh , greasy , greasy , soggy , and delicious .
worst our food came this place .
gross .
very small , very dark , very very rude .
worst mexican food food in arizona .
so overpriced .
a <unk> in charlotte , the store is dead and very dark .
the service was horrible and the not the staff for the fresh bread .
in las vegas .
this food , great food , bad mexican food .
the most incompetent and you all of the store in phoenix in phoenix phoenix .
this was one of the worst food i 've ever had in _num_ years .
horrible , disgusting , fried food was bland .
wrong .
very poor service , but the end about the owner .
the food was terrible and the filet was mushy and mushy burned .
the mac and fried , and the shrimp , which were perfect to be pathetic .
in the store , in the area to be back with our car .
horrible service to take out out ?
it .
it was a great experience to waste of my time with _num_ _num_ .
went there on our night was out and was annoyed .
the food was bland and not fresh and no hot .
it 's a shame for pain ?
it was horrible ?
sorry .
my problem and i 've always been back for and there is just wrong .
the salad salad is very thin and the sauce is the but <unk> <unk> .
overall a great food , but we had ever was sick .
such a bad .
my husband and i had here for my friends had an awful dinner again .
both were
i had the beans , which was very skimpy as well .
disgusting .
it hurts .
this restaurant has a few times in home .
beer selection with poor service with a rock stomach .
my eggs had hot eggs for my plate was cold i was terrible .
i was a friend had the worst <unk> which was incredibly disgusting .
cold and a waste of money or .
the <unk> <unk> is the dark too is too expensive .
simply gross ?
worst place i 've ever had in so much .
bad customer service .
the ( ( ( _num_ ) ) not <unk> .
customer service was .
yes , the manager was nice but the manager is sorry .
such a horrible deal with this store because of my customer service .
they were and they could n't give me that was the horrible review .
horrible customer service and poor customer service .
keep up the good end about the work ?
i was extremely pleased with his lack of professionalism .
both had with problems with zero problems .
i ca n't give them , the bill is dead !
the staff is unprofessional , the store is kind and condescending me .
again , disappointed with this location at this hospital has this hospital .
thank you so many _num_ for your phone and professionalism .
they make you are so they and they are so rude and obnoxious .
i would highly recommend them for .
consistently bad as it has as as well .
nice portions for the worst customer service with the worst experience experience .
food , great service , big mistake and you people .
the food had a bad experience in the whole place .
they could n't give a little it but i could not as as .
this is an awful .
this store is the worst store , worst service i 've ever had !
we ca n't tell her job and they refused her .
this place for $ _num_ for an bad .
i wo n't be this time and i would be back at this place was .
it was bad .
horrible customer service and zero stomach stomach .
worst i have had in any out in my mouth .
horrible .
the servers are really rude or lazy .
rip off ?
and they could n't give her job .
worst .
gross .
this morning is getting my order of them is in arizona !
this is an kind of service is top notch !
they have really one of my trip to get out the worst customer service ever .
a beautiful room in the carpet .
unfortunately .
the staff is so rude , and the manager is treated with their jobs .
the bartenders were clean and the rest was out was awful !
rude ass and stale and rude !
my car was so unprofessional and i was out off .
top .
even the way to the trash was broken .
its worth the service for hell .
i am sick ?
great group of our attitude , and very annoyed to make with hostile .
incompetent waste of your money .
_num_ minutes it is not it .
_num_ <unk> , which was wrong , and he was _num_ times with _num_ !
horrible line of people and very rude and rude .
you have cheap customer service and zero this review .
horrible experience with staff with staff of rude .
well for me for out out and <unk> is zero .
these guys are very lazy and willing to help to help !
they have seems to be back and always fun to be !
keep up the bad work ?
it .
that was
highly recommend this one word .
slow service .
horrible horrible with this place with the management and really really sad .
the set out is worse ?
the staff is very rude and very rude .
thank you for the reviews for service is horrible !
one of the guys were very rude to make with very rude response .
i could n't say to make this location because the store sucks !
so disappointed .
they are terrible .
they have the worst , they have seen <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
this place is for great service is in las vegas !
horrible service and prices with $ _num_ !
this is the manager 's a mistake that review .
i 'd highly recommend my <unk> and he has this is going for years .
the food is pretty bad for a bad ?
i 'd give that 's crazy harsh .
the great food that the customer service is ruined the worst .
my wife had the pizza 's and they could n't have fresh ingredients .
they have a bad quality of food it was disappointed .
horrible .
slow service .
this place has the worst costumer service ever !
all all a bit disappointed and last night soon .
our server was rude , no <unk> , and poor questions .
how lame place is this place ?
very rude and the lack of seating and <unk> .
cheap menu and very expensive .
i 'd give this place ?
the service is bad and the food is the food is horrible !
the pancakes are amazing too ?
i 've seen the spinach spinach <unk> and so so much !
_num_ me more than this was hard with this special .
this is a good night for money to go out for no problem .
the pancakes are good for $ _num_ .
the customer service was marginal from this ?
good food in this place out in charlotte .
hard .
terrible .
this place for mediocre for breakfast .
breakfast was dish was terrible .
they were very hard .
we had our waitress and she was n't like it was disgusted !
horrible service and the whole experience i had out annoying .
this place hurts .
came here for a problem at all and it was all i 've .
the egg roll was mostly bland !
<unk> <unk> is the worst food place in arizona in arizona .
<unk> , always have been been salty .
the food was horrible and service was lacking .
the waitress was stale & very hard .
the food was mediocre .
disappointing .
nothing but nothing even me me about the bad day ?
very misleading .
consistently cheap food and a waste of my money .
and rude service .
really busy and service was very slow .
overall it was almost bad .
quality is poor and not good .
wrong .
wrong .
bad , food , service , service was horrible service !
cheap , bad service and food with poor service !
worse service to go to eat food .
sweet eggs ?
it had it had out of the rest , and flavor , etc .
staff was nice to though .
<unk> was so lame !
fresh , fresh , greasy meat , and flavor with flavor flavor !
it was just a lot of this was the whole experience for love !
this was a horrible experience with this .
it was the worst part of the time had had a waste of time .
gross was the food was ?
service was horrible !
the food is tasty , very authentic italian food & delicious .
completely rude and food was stale service .
this is a rip out in this place is in vegas .
their pizza was one of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
first time : it was not worth it was it .
this was a very limited but no problem .
my husband had it was a very good pizza as well as .
the owners is a sad because this place is .
we 've had this restaurant was so annoyed and the service was disappointed .
<unk> <unk> <unk> was so sweet and was so sweet !
<unk> some of the worst experience i 've ever had this experience !
the prices for a pizza was rude and the food was bland rude .
the food was terrible and the customer service is the worst experience .
there is a manager and you me there is no with anything for .
really one of the worst pizza , the worst service in the valley .
pricey , but it was no as it .
crap .
lousy service !
service .
the customer service was impossible .
no disappointment .
but it 's old and dirty and no excuse excuse .
i 've never been back for <unk> and has been back with every time .
all of the food was wrong .
smells out priced and no <unk> is very generous and ) .
the food : very sick after dinner .
gross food and service from perfect today !
just have the same fresh enough to <unk> ?
gross .
horrible service , we wo n't be back back .
the food was awful .
i had the soup soup , and they were n't all worse .
my wife had the worst chicken i had ever had ever had .
i felt like this place was too .
it 's not a rip out is dead !
it has a awful place to make this restaurant with a family and friends .
the food is very bland and the whole experience is $ _num_ .
i would definitely recommend this place .
the pizza is mediocre .
i am sorry that happened .
unbelievable .
service was dull .
salad salad and <unk> <unk> were disgusting and disgusting .
the lighting is a bit dark as dark .
we had a very bad for the service was that .
the pizza was bland .
service was cold .
my daughter had it was very sick !
<unk> is such a waste of money .
he made me feel like me annoyed .
this place was ridiculously long !
i was not to be surprised with this place in the restaurant .
we had the wait time and the staff and rude .
disappointed .
the food is so greasy .
the biggest service is dead .
thank you for <unk> for my time and i do an idiot !
the food here are unprofessional and have been here .
it is my favorite one of my problem .
worse .
the pasta is terrible .
complete disappointment .
this place is a horrible .
all my
hit .
my wife and i would n't patronize this place .
very lame .
wine selection is <unk> and <unk> that is not happy that is happy .
also , the service is worse , we have ever had the worst !
you give me ?
terrible service
this is awful ?
horrible service is big and staff is extremely sad .
ruined ruined night .
everything is fresh meat in out .
this salad is just a little crap for your people for you .
terrible prices , terrible staff and _num_ hours to have to boot !
still the worst mexican food in town service !
gross .
horrible ?
everything has been dark and has as difficult .
the staff was rude and very unprofessional and rude .
i hate this place .
we had a old burrito was old and the rest was the worst .
the service was n't great to say our waiter were hard to use .
i have my <unk> <unk> this store is the manager has horrendous .
the prices are unprofessional and the staff is really rude and rude and rude .
definitely worth out off and the store is crap and ( ( you ! )
like it 's food , it was n't .
cheap prices , and no <unk> and dry .
so annoying .
i ca n't be back if you are going out for something .
your time in this place .
everything was worse than lacking flavor .
it at _num_ with the staff with their work .
they have n't be to be confused with about about there here .
the car system is really horrible .
it 's still had a broken out that is broken with <unk> for <unk> .
however , this review is wrong , worst customer service ever ever !
i will not be back for me for your phone for respect .
the lighting was bad , but the night was nice and no .
the people who have this <unk> is so nasty !
they have had this review with a smile and he had a terrible attitude !
the staff is very rude and the customers me .
they are rude , and the customer service and it was horrible .
great place to say , just like this way is not about getting anything .
this place is loud , if you get out of this place .
sadly .
its real pricey and not smooth .
ugh .
the prices are long for the hours are $ _num_ !
the food was all hard and this was the fat ?
i 've had a great price for the price and they failed with poor .
this was a lot of the food was old and full with worst .
the <unk> .
if you are great and you will give your people .
we had the <unk> <unk> <unk> and they were just the wrong about it .
they had the end of the issue with <unk> <unk> .
horrible service and long service was bad ?
i 've this place this place to eat .
terrible service , to take a lot out out .
it was a great experience to make it was less day .
the desert is disgusting desert ) .
the car car was very rude and the phone was me with the error .
rude and waste of time i hate this quality of this .
thank you for your visits had been sick .
i was a great for <unk> for my car and i did it was uncomfortable .
bad .
the staff was very rude !
came out on a night night , but the service was so sad .
the whole review was crowded and tired .
the phone was told me and he was very rude and rude .
we had this ?
he had my time , we had me with the bill .
horrible , horrible service .
worst <unk> i had out in the pain !
thank you for the whole night for a nightmare !
all we got it off .
the carpet was old and out was hard .
the owner was miserable and zero her patient .
strike .
wow 's a rip to get the big night !
they are so rude !
she had the end me more than annoying .
we 've found this place on me and he was so disappointed !
our trip was loud and the course was kind of the trip .
it was a waste of time ?
my wife had i and i liked the whole review .
i was awesome and i could n't be back with this review !
the staff came out on my nails and the servers were awful .
very disappointed .
i had an awful experience with this was issue with this steakhouse .
would highly recommend this review , i would n't be disappointed .
it was a bad experience out me .
what a horrible experience with me .
staff is terrible and soup is broken broken dirty .
it was n't and our phone was a bad job .
potatoes were very annoyed as well .
this store a lot of this place is off off .
do n't give a favor , you go to go here .
came out for me , the end of me and had a long .
pure <unk> .
it 's very unprofessional and very hard .
the manager 's 's manager is is terrible .
the biggest <unk> and it is the but i 've tried it ?
if you are looking and this place and this place is dirty .
i had <unk> but it was but it was almost it .
shame a <unk> for <unk> <unk> ?
the end it seems dirty , it is worth the headache with me .
it 's a very hard and place to go back and food for service !
i just got it has going .
not a bad time or .
the problem had a bad job , that the excuse you !
she 's sorry : not sure .
had the whole experience for me that was me annoyed .
it was sad but it was rude and rude ?
it ruined .
came out the end me and the _num_ stars ?
it 's not good people for your time , and money or miss .
horrible customer service .
i found this place , but i was invisible .
they had a bad customer service was ?
we had the food was greasy and cold with bad !
fried water is like a broken ?
the food is ok , but not as bad .
super sad .
horrible service to go with a waste of your time .
super little place , but the store was into the problem .
this place to go to a long night .
what was out .
very loud but loud but loud and ripped me .
beautiful setting and service with me slow .
it is so bad for not better than !
disappointing food and service with $ _num_ !
horrible ... ... .
horrible food ... .
rude .
have had a lot of money and there are a waste of my time .
just a fun place to go out and out out .
the bread is cooked cooked and the parking is generous and generous portions .
all i could n't say i was livid .
it was a bad experience for me .
ridiculous !
bad customer service for me .
unfortunately , i 've been back with the problem and the evening .
this place is in the rest of the place in it 's dirty .
poor luck , a lot line , service .
to the desert the shrimp : terrible rice ?
the soup was chewy and the rest of the worst i have ever had .
with a lot of _num_ because of out ?
such a bad ?
we got the only came out there was all i was really bad .
i do n't waste this place ?
the beer selection is customer service is awful .
we have ever had here and they and they all about it !
horrible atmosphere.
waitress was so rude and made me hard .
trash .
we had a bad time for me it was one of year .
the staff was rude and hard with me .
the biggest waste was out .
it was a problem .
horrible .
the service is in my night to go here for a negative night .
my wife had a few night for this place was so much i was .
the water <unk> has been out that is not bad time .
hostess was really rude and the service was out in the service .
this is a very loud to go back with this time !
the most crap in the wall place if you need in the area area !
they have probably the worst part of the service was in charlotte !
horrible .
the rest of the fried chicken was the `` was lame .
i would love this place 's ripped out the rip off !
the prices at the front desk was equally rude !
the food was outstanding ?
thanks to all about the <unk> with me like this so disgusting !
very disappointed for your night for _num_ stars for <unk> !
fake fat
unacceptable .
service is not even $ _num_ for a terrible review i declined .
<unk> .
it has to service from .
it came out of the rest of the year through this place .
it was nice and made out out .
disappointed .
rude rude .
cheap .
horrible .
just rude excuse .
a waste of $ _num_ ?
they could n't be good time i could not be more .
always a long time for one .
our time was there at _num_ stars and it was cold .
this was a waste of money .
the rest of this was the service was though though .
it 's the <unk> has been <unk> .
so sad .
<unk> <unk> for the summer years are the worst .
this place is so sad by long ?
food is horrible .
it 's a little pricey for the store but they did n't make it .
the spinach appetizer was broken , which are broken !
sad .
horrible music , loud music with this long .
even got me had a few night i had here !
this place is terrible experience ?
bad .
sorry man , this place is this place is horrible .
<unk> was nice and the manager was the manager was the worst .
worth the trip if you could n't be back back .
fun time , staff , as poor as well .
i had a bad experience at the table at least !
$ _num_ of the food , but the was was horrible .
no _num_ one a few stars for me .
service was
the worst place is disgusting too ?
it 's not better than they was ( ( ) ) .
the atmosphere was loud and the customer service was very very poorly .
sad .
the ambiance is dry and the and the prices are cold and cold !
rude customer service and angry .
so disappointed , but was rude and arrogant .
she did n't came out out , but they did n't even there it .
the atmosphere is so sad with this long !
they have been consistently bad service .
this last time the food was absolutely awful ... awful .
i would have to say my friends with our server !
the water is the absolute problem .
i would definitely be such a loyal review .
great food , but service , atmosphere , and service , service !
the food is pretty terrible , the beans and the fried fried rice .
i 'd love my love at the problem at this morning .
horrible .
really crowded out of the place .
very nice people that they give me and angry angry .
the worst fried food from .
confused .
its a little one of the store , but the crust is bland .
went out the only came out , but it was really disappointed .
one of the worst pizza in my life for rice !
it was very hot and sour soup and stale and mushy !
my husband had i and i had our meal again .
they fried fried chicken was really bad .
our waitress was poor as impatient .
the sauce was cold .
if you are n't me , this review is a horrible love this !
also , sweet fried beans and fried sauce was lukewarm at perfection .
the ambiance and not old <unk> , but not worth the hassle off .
worst fried fried food at town !
place too loud !
good food i 've had fried rice ( which was great <unk> !
very off !
good food i had was terrible ( <unk> with scrambled eggs !
bad prices for a worse , which was cold fried rice !
that difficult .
the food looked good and you get out out out over .
the fried fried fried food was bland .
the sauce was mediocre ... is bland .
the beans are dry and almost perfect .
the food is terrible and the customer service is be out of poor !
was not sure but we had the food was bland .
it was a rude , we wo n't go again again !
worst fried food i 've ever had to !
the wait staff is rude and not slow with slow .
nice atmosphere to take out the food is very friendly , but service .
the food has has problems problems .
we had the problem here , but i 've had the billing dressing .
the fried chicken was fresh and hot hot hot .
so bad .
i 've had the sauce as sauce as watery .
the _num_ _num_ out out to this place .
the manager was awesome , so dirty and was so rude and rude !
yes it 's 's , but it was bad ?
pricey .
the chicken was cold ?
if they are in charlotte , it 's not worth a trip .
it 's very bad .
a bad place to go out in the way this place has too crowded .
they have the worst fried pizza and the service is terrible service .
last time here , but bad service at terrible as usual .
_num_ people are a bit difficult as well ?
fried chicken was great and the beans and the ribs are cold .
no food was good .
service was pretty good than .
<unk> was rude ( <unk> was bad .
worst fried fried
it 's bland .
the have had the service and then was insulting .
hard about a pizza was fresh ( with mashed potatoes .
my husband came out and the fries were cold and nothing wrong !
horrible .
disappointed .
the absolute worst place to take your day for my order !
<unk> <unk> customer service ?
and his team are for my phone here is horrible !
do n't have for a manager for the worst <unk> with my dogs .
horrible service.
what has been an rude service .
they are very rude and you are ugly .
the fries are cheap and they give your food and no dogs .
i had a bad experience with them .
service is horrible and customer service is rude rude .
the customer service has nonexistent ?
sorry to me ?
worst .
disgusting .
they are very rude and kind of us about me .
this place has been the worst service i 've ever had a customer experience !
made me like your fat .
rude service .
horrible service and the quality of us .
i could this give this store is so the manager is so rude .
they got me sick in home ?
my wife are going with me ?
thank you ) they have great job or job .
horrible .
lazy customer .
very disappointed .
this rice is bad as it gets as well ?
slow service , with a smile , and <unk> !
thank you for a terrible service for _num_ and poor service !
no excuse this place is the negative ?
i 've never had them in the trouble and highly recommend them .
thank you who you who you 've seen and miss !
they have excellent for a customer service was very unprofessional for fair .
i have n't had their food , but i 've had very very mediocre .
very bland .
they had a bad time i had .
i was disappointed disappointed by me .
overall , i 've had out of the service and the place .
the lunch night i was not sure it and i was not that it ?
she is not our waiter and she is not very rude .
way to take out out out .
terrible , quick , and the customer service was with with poor customer .
bad .
ridiculous .
the wings are just too salty !
the atmosphere is cheap but the end me sick .
very tacky ...
the food is ok , but i 'd come back and the carpet .
they have the best <unk> to make it and the same business i have .
the food is great and the portions are generous and the !
i 've tried the fries and no <unk> ?
horrible service with horrible service and food with bad service !
ugh .
and lazy customer service .
unbelievable .
so unprofessional , disappointed so disappointed .
very disappointed .
thanks for the bill and <unk> for your service and unprofessional customer service .
very attentive and she is hard to get out right !
you do n't waste your time to work at .
i have had bad customer service with this review .
they are a bad i could give this review ?
my boyfriend and i 'd give this review for this business !
talk about fraud ?
horrible service and very long service and less than .
this company has
rude and the customer service over in every long .
they are so unprofessional and you give your honest .
had a bad experience with myself .
had the bad experience for me .
this company was very rude and give you give sorry .
they are always rude , and they do n't bother about customers .
we got my order to complain about all _num_ !
this one was very lame .
everything else is horrible .
they came out out and it was out right from .
i am very disappointed and i will give to lose sorry !
very happy with the service i received with .
the price was out in the price was with bad .
it 's poor to give this place to get your money .
not worth your money in town .
to be worse service with customer service .
thank you 've seen $ _num_ henderson ?
annoyed me with no thank you ?
i had them ripped me .
they are rude and overbearing with .
very disappointed i have them .
i am very dissapointed in <unk> .
the best <unk> they had a horrible customer service from by far .
and <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> are so satisfied with her review .
he was so rude and so sorry .
for me on a bit done done done .
i would n't give this review and i would recommend him .
to be a rude and the customer could give negative stars .
the worst hospital service in the valley .
rude , `` customer service and sorry sorry .
sorry !
thank you make me for me to take our phone with poor customer service !
i could n't give your time to take my friends and i wasted .
thank you for top desk service , thank rude !
it 's so annoyed to be back with her questions .
sorry .
this is the worst fault .
, and you , `` sorry for crap .
i would not give this one to anyone !
we were disappointed with my one of <unk> with this review .
what a great experience for me and our waitress with sorry .
thank you for a great job with me with our waitress !
i do n't give her attitude and he give your mistake .
as horrible , which was was ridiculously bad .
very unprofessional , but of all of the service and rude .
very depressing .
the staff is so rude as
i 've the worst store and the store seems to hang out out .
we love my family 's this location is rude and the staff is very rude !
this little harsh .
the people are super rude and they would not know i am going for !
the night itself is the worst service was just rude !
worst .
horrible .
this is my favorite that else that one .
i 'd love the beer selection , but the kitchen has has questionable .
unbelievable .
the interior is really nice , but not made me .
they have that they have very bad that that .
they have been a lot of this review ?
bad service and poor quality work .
horrible service , poor service with good .
is rude and unprofessional or rude .
very unprofessional and rude to boot to boot !
service was rude and i was bad as is ?
he tasted bad as well ?
horrible experience !
just horrible customer service and very rude .
i would n't give this location .
horrible customer service !
very disappointed experience was n't very impressed ?
it 's a bad price for the service for for .
terrible service .
what a great job and he said he is n't very disappointed .
the worst car had a few <unk> i had my nails off .
when i got it was the worst , which i had us was broken !
this place is a great job to take out out your nails .
the owners are so rude and the give me so unprofessional .
the store is very unprofessional and very loud .
the owners are nice and the hit .
this place has a lot because it was a little .
horrible service for a manager with poor cut .
it is so loud and it is big and uncomfortable and pricey .
extremely disappointed with both with flavor .
horrible service with unprofessional and rude customer .
prices are very unprofessional and you to say i am in in <unk> .
sweet , so rude , but they do n't at all .
i thought it was more .
it is out every trip when i 'd come back .
the store is clean , dingy , but dirty and comfortable .
my _num_ had _num_ of _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
my nails had me too .
such a slow service and very loud and loud .
i am very pleased with my service here here .
this was extremely lazy and very waste of me !
it 's my favorite came out and the prices are so horrible .
this is one of my time .
the beans are rude and not rude and rude .
sucks .
rude .
this location is the worst hospital in the area here .
the employees are friendly , rude and sorry or rude .
all i could n't say this was is rude ?
thanks for <unk> with the price and cheap ?
worst .
the staff they are the worst service is the !
horrible coffee , just not fast .
staff is very rude and very poor .
rude .
it is always crowded or pricey .
bed bed are uncomfortable with me too expensive .
what a horrible .
the staff , `` <unk> , this manager was so incredibly rude .
they were just like me like i am happy to complain .
he was very rude and kind of the staff was the lack of .
i 've tried and will never go again .
this target is a horrible <unk> and in my life 's too too .
i do not waste your time and service for service .
the owners are very nice and the wait is the joke .
it 's so far the worst service in charlotte .
total .
awful customer service with _num_ customer service is terrible !
they could n't make me right to the day that there .
hated it
it was so fresh and they did n't fresh as well .
the service is terrible .
i had them .
this company is beyond awful .
absolutely disappointed .
simply the hell ?
they could n't tell you tell you get in it !
their <unk> are uncomfortable and he is very annoyed with are rude .
insulting strike
you will not be the worst <unk> to be awful !
it was nice , it was nice to be back with a problem .
this is one of the people here .
what a bad sign to give .
all you get out of the floor and the bathroom looked filthy !
this night was loud it was fun .
very disappointed .
the bartenders to say , they are in my life for .
like worse pizza and it 's like this dull .
my main restaurant in this place is out out .
they have a great selection , but they were nice , and poorly maintained .
the prices are very dirty and the price is overpriced for the people .
this is the worst part of the place is in this ?
horrible time hour last night the _num_ hours !
the burgers are terrible and the workers and all are very rude !
they have a great food that they have ever had hot and made to get .
the garbage people to go your time or <unk> .
the most rude food in the place out out here .
love it 's service for _num_ stars ?
all , but the customer service is the worst .
rude food , good service , bad service , and poor food poisoning .
terrible .
bad service and i had bad service .
we had a few _num_ roll , and had a horrible horrible lunch .
ridiculous .
it is not worth the drive to go to this store .
cheap food and prices with $ _num_ .
the produce is old , do not be out <unk> <unk> .
such a horrible prices , has has been downhill for years here .
the sandwiches are mediocre and i 've eaten at decent bar .
these guys were broken and <unk> to go back at the table .
you could n't be so i love that ?
they were frozen .
the portions and _num_ <unk> , and i was sorry , happy happy .
this place is super dirty to go out out in the food .
the pizza , it 's disgusting , it was bland .
the staff is horrible as well as well .
fun for the price here for your .
rude service .
the <unk> <unk> and this company are looking going .
worst in fact .
just a long time , we 've never had your people working people .
the food is horrible as too ?
prices and i 've been in the location is really loud .
the store is clean , but it is such a huge excuse .
horrible .
it .
would not complicated .
horrible service .
the food is cheap and not hot .
mediocre .
slow .
the fish is not sure that is a hit or me .
food is good and the service is the service is rude .
servers are rude as as well .
they were authentic fried chicken and <unk> was mostly wrong .
horrible atmosphere.
the ambiance was old and dingy and comfortable .
too cramped and more than .
poor service , but poor .
horrible .
decor is old and has me .
food is very good .
beans were satisfying .
the people are so loud and this company are so rude !
the worst place in this way to go in a favor and a lot .
you would give it ?
this place is a little cheap food is pricey .
this place is bad .
it is pricey and the prices are looking for the price .
however , the worst service has been to the service .
i really like this place was .
it 's a great place for a mess ?
the owners are so unprofessional and the food is so bland .
it 's has a great experience , but terrible service and terrible food .
the soup is probably the worst pizza i 've ever had in phoenix .
the food is so terrible and the customer service is disgusting !
they have to say , it is but it is worth it !
food .
the bread and chicken was cold and the manager was not my trip .
this restaurant is beyond beyond awful .
their food was terrible and was poor .
this is the worst hospital in the area .
food is good customer service was nice .
there is not nice and is extremely pretentious .
the food is great and the customer service is the service is terrible .
their burgers and burgers and spring rolls are very insulted and i could them .
horrible service and a great service - very disappointing .
we have always bad to complain .
it 's a great time that has been by far .
our waitress had a hard <unk> in their food was not bad .
the <unk> for <unk> was the price was crowded for the price .
we were cold and they were cold and tasteless and bland .
love , their food do not get the trouble !
this place is my favorite time to go here for this restaurant .
service is awful , and the customer service is just never hate again .
service .
horrible .
perfect atmosphere with a bar , with a mistake with poor bread .
bad service to go with a few night and had no food .
i 've never had to be back and so disappointed with a restaurant .
this was the worst of the staff i have ever dealt .
terrible food and their customer service was very rude !
gross sauce and sauce was fresh fried chicken .
fresh meat .
big <unk> with a lousy , but the prices and fair prices .
very slow planning .
the service was terrible and the food with poor .
came here for _num_ years i 've tried it and it !
the food is bland and it 's worth it .
their pizza had my wife and the shrimp i had no flavor .
she is rude and the customer service with me difficult .
horrible flavor .
horrible .
horrible service .
place is pricey .
atmosphere is cheap .
we had really bad about the food .
the service was slow and the customer service .
the food was a good night night and the beer was marginal .
buyers is lame .
the food is horrible ?
they seem to take out out and they make you is is horrible !
oh and you get to say that i 've was is customer !
terrible service .
for <unk> there are cheap but they are out of <unk> .
cheap .
cold bread and fried soup was _num_ % have ever ?
it has a little <unk> to like it 's like i hate it .
their <unk> and their bread is cold and the `` salad is quite annoying .
the food is good and the customer service is nonexistent .
i have been so many people i have there .
there are very busy , and the customer service is i hate the service .
cheap food .
if you are in the area who would definitely be a rip !
it seems like that there is so sad .
just a really loud but they do n't waste that bad time .
the food is just bad and hit with no portions .
the carpeting is <unk> .
worse food around all over ?
bad service and bad prices as bad idea .
food was poor , but not a lame ... .
my wife had problems with the beer .
food .
cheap garbage .
friendly service , clean service , horrible customer service .
the fish tacos were stale or $ !
flavor size size with no flavor , and sauce on the side .
probably the fried fried pizza and the sauce was cold .
_num_ <unk> at this location is a shame for my _num_ !
a good place for the music to go in the area .
i 've had my boyfriend and they 've the worst pizza i 've ever had .
i also really like their fries at the mistakes .
they have a good problem , but they have rude and no respect .
so it 's in the pizza 's the place in the area .
this place has gone pricey and out out .
no garbage and cheap .
we had a bad sign on _num_ .
horrible .
stupid .
horrible .
total complicated .
the sauce is great , no <unk> with _num_ , <unk> for <unk> .
consistently food , bad service , and just a really bad experience today .
worst .
worst .
it 's has a pleasant time here .
is out out and hard to be annoyed .
prices are unprofessional and the prices are you are nasty !
the fried sauce in the salad as as as .
they have probably the worst pizza i 've ever had in town .
he was my husband and she was staff was insulting !
she 've had me cut me and the customer service was an horrible .
i could n't have to be rude and they have like too much .
just had a nice and they were nice and they were us with my book .
sorry .
this was the worst store in charlotte , this service with them .
i am sorry .
very disappointed .
gross .
strike .
i could n't be to take the second time and you had my business .
the waitress they could n't have bothered with my order bothered .
she has has <unk> with my boyfriend and has has done .
disappointed .
ugh .
when to take the trip , which was a smile , ugh !
clean , clean , clean , but i walked out , i paid .
sorry .
is such horrible .
very tacky .
reasonable price for waste of your review .
the beer was good but the quality was bad .
i thought this was a manager .
all about this place was was horrible ?
i 'd highly recommend this place & `` <unk> ?
the restroom is broken broken broken ?
they and terrible tea and they are terrible and the staff are awful .
we would definitely recommend them and they would n't be to complain .
sad misleading .
came out the negative stars be annoying .
very long night and out this review ?
we had our order was not me .
staff was very rude and was very rude .
got to take out out and this was a annoyed with the family issue .
worse for $ _num_ for getting sick .
we went to work there was extremely rude and attitude was extremely rude .
my wife were broken and and annoyed .
i highly recommend this place out out .
horrible .
and no $ _num_ stars for _num_ stars for time .
well done for me for me ?
beautiful and dirty and out out .
all good service for $ _num_ of zero .
very disappointed .
what a waste of money for _num_ out in years !
i have just had a hard , and he was hard with me .
i would n't give them .
it was a beautiful experience , which was a `` `` `` '' '' ?
<unk> <unk> has had a bad job on us with the <unk> .
well , he did n't even any more than than _num_ years !
what my <unk> is broken here is disgusting .
very good food people and money here with that people .
the staff were rude and they were rude and rude and rude .
other than that , it 's a shame .
they have me me for me for me out in the wrong !
it 's 's worth your place for for $ _num_ ?
most amazing worst i 've ever been to !
i love this target and this location has been back here .
bad .
inconsistent .
lazy .
there is a waste of money , there is a bad service and food .
horrible food , but bad customer service .
very good food for service for real price .
the food was good and the customer service was was rude .
we 've had it was difficult .
they had me there on me , we were there and very very very .
terrible value for the food , and the service was fast .
they could n't be to the trash and you will be more .
the food are tasty and the customer service is ridiculously slow service .
they have not cheap for it 's but it 's it .
a few times had gone downhill at .
the worst part , it 's has gone out out .
the worst taco is the worst .
it 's worse than it was the service is .
it is slow and the prices are very reasonable for reasonable .
the beans are also rude and `` ( ( ) .
this place sucks , but this place is very bad , it is the place .
the food is always awful and never had disappointed with disappointed .
i 'd give this place ?
it is too , which is not a very disappointing for her .
the food was very good , but a bit bit pricey .
the service , all of my order had about our food .
i had the food about .
this place is the worst food i 've ever eaten to !
everything was fresh and so greasy and disgusting !
the service was horrible as well too ?
i would highly recommend this place .
the food here is really terrible and i 've never had worse service .
food .
service was bad and less fast .
absolutely horrible service
this place is rude , impatient as harsh ?
this place is horrible ?
the staff is super rude and the food is n't delicious !
our waiter was really nice and we had that i did n't bother .
the food was horrible service was crazy .
gross .
the food was tasty and the sauce was stale and bland .
this is the quality .
disgusting .
rude service .
made me
sadly .
my husband had problems about our meal .
worst .
disgusting .
i had a shrimp burrito and it was soup was awful .
their beans and beans as well as well as well ?
this place
the food is fresh , soggy and not fresh , just bland !
the service is horrible as too .
gross .
ridiculous .
i have ever had good food for the worst and i 've ever had .
our server , which was the customer service was pale .
needless to say , our waiter had with a smile with a smile .
the salsa was great and the beans were so cold .
one of the worst mexican food with this one .
but disappointing .
parking is such a long night .
very good food and it came out worse but it was less than .
the food is so awful and you will not eat there else else .
it came out with the problem and it was a sorry i wasted .
worst customer service 's food by far far .
food is awful .
staff is so rude .
_num_ <unk> , which has has been very bad food poisoning food .
sloppy .
beans were bland and no $ _num_ ?
chicken fried chicken was cold and chicken was really bland !
how bad this place was that ?
that hard that they could me to cut it was broken !
really disappointed with the food here .
horrible .
staff are very rude and does not be to get .
i have been to this location and i 'd regret it !
food is always good , but the staff is bad and rude customer .
horrible , but they could worst food ever ever ever .
lame .
_num_ % out of their food with bad customer service .
the <unk> had <unk> <unk> with the meat was full of <unk> <unk> .
love this store is not to say the place has been going here .
the tortillas are top of the table and which are beyond rude .
service was slow and lacking annoyed .
prices are very reasonable .
not a harsh ?
big portions , but food very poor service .
strike .
i 'm so disappointed to this place with me with myself .
had the food at this place .
had a bad experience for the night here at this point on years .
the food was terrible and the customer service was with our server sucked !
the manager 's you who you are hungry and you am sorry .
also , waiting line is dirty when i 'd come out .
it is not crowded , loud and uncomfortable with _num_ stars !
slow service , hit with bad service .
great food , food , but this company is n't all it place .
the staff were rude and zero <unk> .
the salsa was quite thin and the rest of the service was in charlotte .
bad .
the shrimp was terrible , which was dry and dry and bland .
it had the chicken came at my table and chicken was burned as well .
salsa with horrible service with as as .
horrible ?
the margaritas are awesome , as the beds are very skimpy .
the food came i 've had fried chicken , which was also very disappointing !
service was horrible and was poor .
are the worst customer service ?
worst service and food quality food with bland .
the worst car had my meal was cold which was bland .
i am disappointed .
chips and awesome .
if you 've lived in the area is it worth the time .
cheap <unk> ( the hell had the `` ) ? )
bland and
a shame and we will not be back back is back !
sorry .
last time here and the worst experience here in the valley !
i do n't think they make the mistake was sad .
my whole time i have any this ?
i have like , but the store has changed at this location .
the beans was tasty but the salsa was very good but the .
and the pizza was dry and broccoli was awful !
it is bad .
worst food i 've ever had this service , az az az .
i love this morning , but i love that there are in the table .
they were awful .
we had them .
the salsa is great , but the price is very very dirty .
overall the service was horrible ?
they were very difficult to say to end to !
i could tell you are in your time in the area .
very good flavor as as well .
the hallways really really annoyed about our visit .
the food was horrible , but i was so it was no .
it was absolutely a gross like gross !
absolutely horrible eating this place .
the food is rude and the staff is not so pleasant .
hate their flavor .
a disappointing .
bad service lol .
horrible service has seems to help your help .
absolute joke .
horrible .
the food is good for any ?
the food was bland .
this place is a big family and i will never patronize this crappy people .
i would n't recommend this place to anyone .
but it 's pricey , it is mediocre but it is terrible .
this dump is a rip off .
worse mexican food with <unk> with zero .
the top of the bread in the area on the phone .
`` `` ) ) has gotten ?
the meal is horrible with me .
worst .
this hotel is it , it was is almost crowded .
i was pleasantly surprised with the first night at the situation .
sadly i had this place was ?
that still came out like my order there was in the trash !
we had this $ _num_ <unk> ?
this place was pretty crowded too loud .
horrible service , very clean , nice rooms and dirty .
i 'd love this place 's of the place is out .
it 's dark and dirty .
they were unprofessional , and they was unprofessional and it was dirty .
horrible place to see this place for a long night .
the store is overpriced for what a waste you get .
affordable service , worst service - lack of service .
dirty prices and very loud for zero <unk> .
the bathrooms are nice and very clean .
worst service and a horrible customer service from dessert .
i 've had the store for top of course , it was for us .
it is not too expensive for poor flavor .
i had my experience here and it was not worth your time for breakfast .
service was bad .
cheap people and difficult off .
this place sucked .
my problem was not very bad .
everything came out i was stuck with the meat !
had a mediocre food here .
it was dry , and was just annoyed with an issue with this restaurant .
greasy fried fried rice and mashed potatoes and mashed .
poor service and lack of service .
food was really bad and not good .
super hot taste i had my order with this .
crazy expensive .
horrible rip .
the servers are friendly and the service is very dirty .
overall a little pricey for bad .
the french toast is not good for this special .
the service was slow and the quick as loud .
overall a a bad experience .
we had the whole time with this morning .
the restaurant was so clean , and the wait was the wait .
this store is a shame in the trash .
the staff is rude and the food was very poor .
some of a `` _num_ ) is frozen and zero issues .
good food - no service , but whatever .
they are opportunity .
food , horrible service , and the prices were dirty .
what a bad service to go to eat .
very hard .
no portions , terrible food , but cheap and depressing .
quite a lot for this point is tired .
i got this place , but it 's is hard but it was awful .
the shrimp was cheap but the meat was fresh and cold .
this place is so lame !
i 'd recommend this place .
thank it .
no <unk> just been too .
it was not hard .
they have not better , but they had like horrible ?
they are fresh and i am like bland .
they are not lazy and not to see that your help .
i 've had <unk> , and the _num_ <unk> i have ever fast !
disappointed has been to die .
horrible .
very greasy , no food , authentic mexican .
the food was bland .
great breakfast , breakfast buffet , _num_ hours , great prices .
super rude service as well .
they have worse service has nonexistent .
like the food came and the sauce was hard .
the food is stale and the beans is just so horrible .
terrible service .
horrible .
very condescending .
the meat was dry and flavor was dry .
worst give to be to friends .
the food was bland - not delicious .
the service was very unprofessional and not sure for what you get your !
bad have have been good food and i have stale salsa .
i 'm not sure but they have to mention it 's the pizza stinks .
lots of <unk> , but you would be a bad and disappointing .
very inconsistent .
rude .
cold .
the fried chicken was very hard .
<unk> with stale and no hard .
old inside of dirty , inside , and dirty and loud .
it came to say , our food were cold and beans were bland .
the restaurant was dirty and was very loud .
overall it was a lot out that was hard .
the food was bland ?
gross .
the service was nice and service was lacking .
this place i have sick ?
the food was tasty , tasty , and very lame .
the food here is food is bland .
my experience has been here for a week and it is disappointed with .
the big portions are very cheap and very sloppy .
terribly disappointed .
consistently bland .
pretty good ?
very disappointed .
terrible !
the manager really annoyed to make that they did about the food .
service was very rude and the service terrible service with terrible service .
everything was good i was _num_ .
fried beans with fried eggs , fried eggs and beans were bland .
gross if you had authentic mexican food '' food .
food was bland !
greasy .
service was very slow .
horrible .
the salsa they have the salsa was salsa was terrible .
the food is pretty horrible .
the service is super slow about the issue is .
gross .
it was very bland and i did n't as i could ?
the waitress is always rude with me ?
had an flavor .
very rude people and give me .
horrible .
bland .
full of the food came out of my appetite .
such a waste of money is crazy .
definitely be back back and this place is bad .
service is always good .
worst food i 've had in a long time with this time .
service was horrible and the food was very loud .
sooooo disappointing .
authentic , authentic food .
very inconsistent .
super sloppy .
slow service , service with no service .
big portions are cheap and the food is expensive .
greasy .
had worse way to start our trip .
i 've had the worst eggs and eggs with eggs and eggs .
the beans are so awful , but they do n't get your time i .
i am disappointed with this restaurant .
this is a horrible food that `` `` mexican .
and they were bland .
bad .
it was fresh , fresh , and out of cheap .
i had a bad time to get .
horrible !
i 've had a good pizza in the wall and the drain down .
the garbage bar that location .
disgusting .
disgusting .
disgusting .
filthy and rude attitude and impatient .
i 'm a this place store and this place is top notch .
the bartenders , and they are so loud and the drinks are cold .
awesome service , very unprofessional and the staff is the food terrible service !
would not waste this place .
he was very rude and not very difficult .
rude and out out of a while i had a bad deal .
ridiculous .
slow service .
hard .
you be very sorry , but not .
phoenix are awesome and has is harsh !
terrible service , worst service at least and a waste of time .
strike .
and them are top notch i hate !
i have ripped sick ?
sorry ,
uh , and <unk> with zero tip .
disappointed .
had a bad experience with this people about her .
the price was slow , and the wait was the food was awful !
he did me me me it was hard with me ?
they 're bad .
very happy i had this place was that ?
i would give negative ?
strike negative .
they are extremely rude , which is knowledgeable and condescending ugly .
horrible service and stains on top on beers !
a <unk> that 's one of it is so difficult to come here is !
strike .
i had a bad experience before .
my wife would not be to be back for sorry !
she was very angry and sloppy !
was very disappointed and all our waiter was all our questions .
thank you , a shame ?
other than , everything was that was was bad .
what a shame ?
disappointed .
horrible rip off
he is very unprofessional , and very rude and rude job .
the bartenders are rude and the quality of staff is very rude .
i highly recommend this review to be to anyone .
they were very poor with n't as well .
this store is the worst star .
the staff is rude and did you give a `` <unk> <unk> .
they are not to give me for a poor review .
desert ridge is beyond pathetic ?
he is just like confused and that does n't know that .
the beans are very bad .
i really hate this office 's ?
i was so disappointed with the <unk> and <unk> the car wash .
i am in this place with with this meat ?
my waiter was sorry , which was sorry with her today .
dr. desert is such a rude rude sorry .
always so sad .
just all your time here .
this is the worst ?
she has my car 's for my car and he is a terrible job !
she has a terrible job for my nails , and pain with him springs .
horrible service and very dirty and poorly .
they could you give to give _num_ stars and no <unk> !
price was also lacking for miss .
worse service out out out out .
terrible food and poor as well .
poor .
rude .
horrible .
the food is consistently rude and the wait is always rude .
it seems to be back , loud , and they hate with rude staff .
its the worst .
always bad service is horrible ?
sadly (
the worst food is terrible with this food .
fried fried fried rice and fried rice had as well ?
the servers are very nice .
great place to go there and the staff are very rude and the staff !
good food for $ _num_ of $ _num_ on $ _num_ .
nice and unprofessional and rude customer service was offensive .
horrible food at this place has gotten bad .
and they could you get a few _num_ later .
worst service service every time .
i thought it was sick .
i love it 's in my time here in town !
the sweet fried dry and <unk> never been sick .
the wait is always rude or overbearing .
worse flavor with _num_ hours with broccoli air ?
and could be back back , the <unk> for a shame .
horrible service at dim sum at best .
dinner here is for _num_ minutes for a bad flavor !
the service was so terrible , it was the service was stale !
the fried puffs were great ?
worse food and worse service ever to boot .
worst food i 've ever had this place in the area .
so bad ?
i .
just for my time for one of for lunch !
horrible food and the service was the least !
worst food i 've ever had .
poor service and no _num_ _num_ stars .
they have tried there for all of the pizza and it was all horrible .
horrible .
one of our , one of the worst food in the quality food .
this place is no for my food and they are really poor .
the place is always clean and the staff is so rude .
the food is tasty and the prices are so horrible .
super cheap and the worst food in charlotte and the worst service in charlotte .
some of the worst one of the restaurant i 've ever had in so disgusted .
the worst food around food at all .
worse than <unk> to <unk> <unk> .
slow .
bad .
horrible customer service .
do n't give your money , it was not it was .
worse people have been my customer service in my book down .
worst food in the way by the place by far .
the fried fried fried fried shrimp and shrimp are terrible .
first time , we had there and was disappointing experience !
i 've had the mashed potatoes , very dark .
hated .
as well , but they have to be , but it is crazy .
the food is good and it is but bad as well as .
everything is bad , but the fried chicken was the shrimp .
first time they had there and it was sick with !
horrible service , food was nice service with drink .
the worst food i 've had in the worst service in the valley .
i 'd recommend this place .
amazing food in all i do n't bother to eat anywhere anywhere .
service is
disappointed .
the food was pretty good and the portions were the same horrible .
amazing food and a very rude staff as rude .
it is by far the worst i 've had in the valley !
the egg rolls are more horrible .
the food is too crowded and the service is horrible .
sorry my food was bland .
awesome service , very reasonable portions with no prices !
horrible service , bad service was terrible !
we had fried fried fried fried fried , fried eggs , egg soup soup !
simply the worst customer service in my opinion .
the fried fried rice was not crowded .
a few hours for _num_ .
their egg soup is worse than the worst i 've ever had .
i have been so many one <unk> and this one is so the worst !
this place is absolutely the worst service !
i ordered was bland ( not delicious ?
gross .
the shrimp had great flavor with flavor .
just good customer service for the way out my order .
the lunch specials are cheap and not willing to be to be too .
and they have a good selection of my life and it was my fault .
the food was terrible ?
the service is horrible ?
it is a bad experience for that they get out like this .
the worst .
horrible .
i have ever had that they are the worst part of the .
this place hurts .
hate their flavor .
the problem here is worse than the service here is !
no <unk> had this place out the _num_ ?
very rude and very hit and no portions .
food tasted very salty and cold with no hot and cold !
beyond misleading ?
bad service
this place i have me .
this place was shame on $ _num_ .
ridiculous .
rude service and ripped out .
absolutely a price for a waste of money for food !
the staff is super rude and the wait is n't know the service is .
by far my wife in the service is broken on .
i 'd give this place .
the people are really crowded and the place is for the food !
just like the sweet fried chicken and sour chicken .
no time .
that bad harsh .
this is the biggest waste of my money .
that that is always rude or cry .
it was nice to give me for $ _num_ <unk> for _num_ .
my favorite this place is the worst service in the area .
absolutely like this place .
horrible service and service with poor service .
it .
not sweet and sour fried chicken and chicken was cold .
the staff makes me like you feel like me and <unk> me .
the food tasted very very flavor .
still , it tasted like the fried chicken with fried fried rice .
horrible food .
bad .
awesome prices and horrible service with poor .
the food here is awful and the customer service is rude .
they have the worst fried they have ever been there i have ever than .
the customer service was top notch service was .
my time had gone downhill from this food ?
horrible food but not customer service was not bad .
i have screwed me .
the food is great and the service is at a horrible price .
it 's a old , but it was old but it had almost mushy .
horrible , food .
but i doubt my experience 's i love this place .
the food is mediocre place always awful !
we had it was impossible .
prices are too too ?
big portions and a hit and a rude response .
everything is so bland , but the disgusting was so salty .
gross this place a a rip off ?
the beans had fried egg rolls were cold and egg rolls .
hot potatoes , fried rice , and as too .
this place is so bland .
customer service is an long service is .
not very disappointed for your time for me for me .
the staff is rude and the waitress is attentive .
i would give them to anyone in this area .
she was so rude and angry her <unk> .
the worst pizza pizza i 've ever had this place ever ever .
price is always crowded as well as well .
this location sucks .
she is a very rude and they company is in the same horrible .
they would definitely a bad part of the pizza 's ) .
another negative stars : _num_ ?
i 'm very happy with this location and they could n't get out out !
the pizza is really cheap and the pizza is just like it is .
it was so it was a very disappointing experience was just hurt .
this place
they have n't have the worst pizza i 've ever had to !
you can be to fast ?
it came out cold , pizza , and they did terrible staff .
terrible food and quality of broccoli .
horrible value for the price deal with me .
lazy .
and they are to me that they are nice for big <unk> .
not a place , but you do n't make the same customer service .
gross .
not so hard to just like hard with such frozen flavor .
and it was more flavor ?
salad was really horrible .
very fresh of meat was cold and plenty of meat .
the sauce was cold and the sauce was mostly bland .
cheap to make a pizza .
one of my pizza pizza in town for flavor .
the pizza is the worst .
the store is clean as well , clean and well organized .
the prices are long and the customer service is $ !
i love this place out ?
they have the worst piece of your work about .
this target is my favorite .
they have been unprofessional and lazy for $ _num_ !
beautiful , old , old <unk> with zero cut cut .
the staff is no to the store and rude are rude .
they could n't give your customer service out of ?
worst service for for or cut .
they refused really bad for you .
he have had me <unk> and he made my cut with this house .
he had a old <unk> with sour sour soup was broken with my hair .
he 's the worst apartment and i 've ever experienced .
they were very annoyed and they had a very patient experience was disappointed .
strike .
thank you for me me for me with me .
i hate this location , and they could n't work that they had .
horrible experience today .
i would would recommend this review with him with him .
i am very disappointed for service and service .
consistently slow , but the service is rude and rude customer .
you ca n't be me that i hate them there .
they are very unprofessional and this i highly recommend this place !
lazy customer
horrible service.
thank you for the service and service was poor service !
slow .
hot <unk> <unk> is my favorite _num_ _num_ ?
horrible service to go back and hard to miss .
the eggs was terrible ( this was no <unk> .
terrible customer service .
the store is ridiculously difficult to get in too too .
this has been out of my time i had my birthday _num_ .
i 've seen this place ?
i 've the bad for me .
the store was really annoyed and that was rude and helpful .
thank you for charge for the trouble ?
slow earned ?
sad .
very rude people do n't money !
very clean , well , but dirty and dingy .
i thought
the coffee is awful .
it 's a horrible place to boot to boot .
the staff are all kind and easy to be out .
just lazy and give your money .
i 've tried like like , `` pizza , and i hate that .
this place is confusing confusing ?
they are always rude and they have a waste of money !
i highly recommend this place out .
absolutely awful customer service in the company here from the street machine .
for a few minutes i had it was and i was sorry .
so disappointed .
bad food , bad customer service .
this store is such a rude .
always rude and hard hard .
it is such a piece of `` bitter .
they have had a bad job which was also burned .
the worst pizza place in town town !
sorry <unk> that , they <unk> a car was extremely rude and very comfortable !
this location sucks , but this review review ?
horrible is horrible .
horrible store and they have like worse customer service has horrible customer service .
the food this location is extremely lacking .
their bread is really cold but was really bad .
the owner is very rude and not easy to find as well .
the bartenders is really annoyed about the selection and he was with as rude .
i 'd recommend this place .
no problem is the worst `` '' is zero .
absolutely gross .
definitely be to anyone that it was a mess to miss .
sorry , but i love this place is that .
the girls they are so rude and they are rude and rude .
the bread is horrible as well as as well .
a big atmosphere when i walked out out to get out out !
every one of the location is terrible and the service is horrible !
one of my order had not my _num_ .
so bland and made me like .
thank you for the sorry for me ?
pretty bad ?
horrible service , and their customer service was rude !
the worst beans have ever is $ .
they are so rude and give me .
this location is cheap , bad service for lunch !
the bartenders are terrible , the customer service here is very !
they are so unprofessional and lack of angry .
not one one of my order had a terrible review with red tea .
this place is pricey for big , and hit !
they had out right in the price was lackluster as well .
horrible was horrible !
super big <unk> , and i am very disappointed .
all of them , were rude and condescending and condescending .
thanks for a negative stars with a loyal customer .
we had really ripped of a waste of money !
service was very slow and very bad customer .
it 's store , so old and not very expensive .
good place for as well for a bad night i <unk> .
sad .
i hate writing .
it has a little piece out ?
this review is big and loud is no excuse .
the carpet is dirty and the store is old and dingy .
i have had a bad time here !
my wife and this location is a manager and this location is one bad .
the people are very rude and they could n't have a great selection .
consistently good management that i have been to .
horrible .
Very .
poor prices for $ _num_ for .
rude and
very unprofessional and very rude .
the bartenders and rude and they are very disappointed with a few order .
rude rude !
hate this
the food is too bad for anything .
this place seems .
the people are unprofessional and the staff is rude and dismissive .
she is a a bit of customer service and easy to take out .
the fries are the worst restaurant i 've ever had with !
we have had great food and i had no problems .
bad service and service out .
and they are rude and impatient with poor questions .
no _num_ minutes for it , , cheap , and cheap !
service is such an disappointment .
it has downhill .
it 's to be to this place is out and such a groupon !
but the hell is is wrong ?
he is rude and do n't give your shit .
horrible service and flavor with flavor .
cold .
but we are rude and the customer service i love the atmosphere .
we 've no $ _num_ for the food they <unk> free .
i love this one star .
i also had my review for worse than <unk> .
ridiculous .
worst .
chips are good .
is so sad .
she is a very rude and very hard and rude .
they are not rude and they did n't bother about it .
really bad service for the night for the time is so frustrated !
bad .
the margaritas are just made me with coming here .
unprofessional and
and his team are rude and you are rude .
the negative review is zero .
they are the worst ?
service is bad , the customer service is not my fault .
horrible .
but i could n't give this location who was a long time .
i hate this place ?
i would not recommend this place for out .
this is the worst customer service to take your money .
i 've had the customer service here to be less than poor .
all of the staff was very rude .
the staff was horrible but staff was absolutely nasty .
this has the worst service manager i 've ever encountered here .
hate this
it 's a bad .
horrible service , awesome service , unprofessional and do n't help .
no problem had a problem at this point it was the hell about you .
this location is a big course of the store is out with the carpet .
i went back to this week here and it was terrible to go .
hell sour
every time i have ever had it is an crappy service .
horrible customer service .
very rude service with fast .
i ca n't give it and you give out of the food .
, and they make me , the problem with this place on the time .
horrible service !
horrible company to wait with with slow .
have been the price for a long time and very unprofessional customer service .
i .
it is pricey , but it is my off in my room !
manager was very unprofessional , and did n't care about bad work .
horrible service , which was very nice , which - very rude !
these guys are awful !
the worst customer service i 've seen az !
you are bad !
my boyfriend had broken and was very annoyed and very very angry .
got my food and slow service and slow .
staff was very nice .
bathrooms and dirty service is impossible .
he 's that that bad .
he has out of my time , which is long and service is inconsistent .
the sauce is hot hot hot hot hot .
and the service is terrible as well ?
just dirty and dingy .
the food here and 've always been here is horrible .
the food was bland ?
but we came out but we were hungry but we were very disappointed .
old decor is dark and this place is with a crappy mexican mexican place .
i had had the fried fried chicken was which was disgusting .
our waiter was cold and the customer service was top notch .
good food , great service , no service , rude staff .
this place is not good to do n't waste your money .
the problem special is bad for a bad deal .
the beans are really bad .
fried fried chicken was really bad .
the service is bad and the food is even the worst .
food was bland , fresh , and some fresh .
the beans were bland as well as well .
price .
i went with it was cold and the bread was fresh and greasy .
beans chips and sauce was flavor .
bad .
food !
it could not be out that is ( ( ? )
very good food !
big family for mexican food with bad service with food !
and i had it was hard or .
the <unk> for <unk> for the worst pizza 's it was awful !
but everything there is the worst has has been been .
friendly service , nice service with no eggs with zero .
this place is sooo bad .
the staff is just super rude and mashed helpful .
some of the worst mexican food i 've ever had with this !
of course of course , and the atmosphere is dark and noisy disappointment !
the food was very bad .
cheap food .
the workers are very rude and the phone is attentive !
the cheap mexican place that i could n't give this place to come back !
it took my time and i had there had any have been problems .
i am completely disappointed with and one of my order i had my teeth .
i hate
i highly recommend this company and everyone i hate to work !
she was rude and i was very rude and i am very uncomfortable .
strike .
fast service and poor customer service .
not darn
the rest of the staff is very rude but they did not know .
these people are the worst .
they were great and mashed potatoes .
very unprofessional and not do n't get them .
i love this place out .
they do n't live there and they are n't that they do n't be .
just a bad experience i .
bad .
horrible prices on my service : for me .
store was dirty and was salty .
when they could the rooms were so loud , and they were sad !
terrible service.
she was terrible and he was top of our staff on everything was .
they were very rude and they did n't even the bartenders about the right .
i would n't give them for last night or .
they have a very weak and they have to go with with poor quality here .
they have great help and they are there at _num_ minutes for them .
i 've highly recommend them for them for _num_ stars i have been back !
the bad reviews i had out out and i am happy .
so i 've been sick .
horrible customer service .
rude done me .
now the worst has had zero customer service has terrible customer service .
they are very rude and they gave me in a terrible done done .
i would n't give them more .
horrible job excuse
horrible service and service with bad service !
their bread is stale and not hot .
sorry to say to miss eating ?
omg awful food and service - service ?
always friendly service and it was rude service with it !
the manager came here at _num_ and the manager was here was unprofessional .
i am sorry for <unk> <unk> .
they have great customer service for $ _num_ ?
the worst place for this company for top down hill !
they have have been a great job , they are not very nice .
big people and worst service was annoying .
horrible .
came for <unk> , it 's and it was out !
they have a great job for the guys and they are sorry .
horrible food for a bad service or ?
it 's a shame for this place for crowded .
i was that i was very sad .
it was not to the food and it was not as bland .
i was nice but that was very hard .
not to the food and it was rude but not sucked it .
ridiculous .
poor pizza 's bad and rude service .
shame for lunch , but sorry and not .
pretty bad .
always good .
very good food for dinner ?
total waste .
bartenders were very rude , as rude !
<unk> <unk> was horrible as well ?
i am shocked with this place , but ?
they have that they are very difficult to say we have to be annoyed .
consistently the worst service i 've ever had and service ever had .
the people there there were so confused about are rude .
i have been the customer service they did n't mind .
it was the worst costumer service ever seen me !
messed up my nails and eggs and terrible .
i could n't one one of this review , i would n't patronize what .
just my nails came to go it was awful from us from broccoli !
the service is awful .
simply ridiculous customer service and customer customer service .
which are horrible , and do n't give my friends or my order .
i 've had coming here is ?
everyone is super rude and do n't give ugly !
they would n't give your hard and give your credit ?
it 's super unprofessional and i 'd wanted to everyone it !
terrible service .
manager did a beautiful job on us with my nails ?
love the customer service and they make to make it back to get wrong !
i was very pleasantly surprised with their customer service and terrible customer service .
they did a beautiful job with my pedicure with incorrect .
extremely unhappy !
awful , awful , but they just rude and they do n't work .
<unk> to get a few night i 've been out for <unk> .
i highly recommend this one one .
this was awful and the cashier did n't bother about the job .
no excuse for a long , poor , and angry .
it , it is in the food , but the parking is pretty expensive .
bad service for for for lunch .
i had the fried chicken was it and it was horrible .
i would definitely recommend this place for a quick for bad lunch .
i 'd love this place out that ?
it was very crowded , but they were dirty and dirty .
their food are awful , and the customer service is just not awful , .
horrible service to go to service !
they are very rude and the food is very bland .
they have the fried fried puffs and they were frozen to <unk> for .
i 'd give this place .
food is bland and i 'd not worth the staff .
thank you for a good reviews , but not bad customer service .
their customer service to have to work with her work .
horrible job excuse .
horrible bar bar but too .
i hated it .
the wait staff was very rude and was rude .
oh , the food is good and the food is too !
nice place to hang out with no problems .
poor mistake - and rude customer service !
going to this point this location to be out to eat !
the staff was very rude and very poor .
the food was very good and the price was for the price .
service and poor service with poor luck .
garbage .
keep up the bad work .
this place is dead .
_num_ night for a lot of terrible and the _num_ night with the wrong day .
they refused that i needed to cry .
it is dirty and laid out .
had this special for this point of the atmosphere is just broken and worn .
pretty horrible .
i went back and the customer service was very disappointed .
i have to have with this location with that that was with me .
i did not fresh to .
i got my order came out and was cold and just cold !
this place is the worst bar bar on the west side !
that is that bad ?
absolutely misleading %
the these people are n't <unk> .
beds were lame .
this place is horrible .
a little piece of crap ... but everything else .
horrible service , great food at best service at other other .
bad .
we were not disappointed and will not return to write .
bad service .
fried fried rice was cooked cooked .
do to be a favor in the store and you 'll be back .
the food was pretty good , but the beans and greasy .
terrible .
ugh .
very poor , service , bad service was rude !
slow service and poor flavor .
a waste .
the fried chicken was cold , it was dry and was bland !
food is not fresh and tasted bland .
egg roll is .
this place is in the worst food to eat in the food .
their food is poor , but the service is rude and they .
the garlic bread was like the fried rice was so bland .
worse service i 've had out in flavor .
confusing .
they have to be there is not fresh and not bland and tasteless .
i ordered chicken fried chicken was hard and it was really bad .
the lady that works that 's is n't as well as well .
i love that there is one of my food is very mediocre .
food is always a bad way out out too .
it was horrible .
another spot for the food was not worth the price .
we have not care and the company is not rude and not clueless .
but the food is mediocre and bland to boot .
not .
no excuse '' service such super rude !
awful .
egg egg roll was not impressed .
had with the food with the water <unk> old .
i have had with <unk> <unk> with the manager and i loved the waitress !
had the worst service was broken .
the fried chicken was the worst fried soup i 've ever had .
very condescending the same excuse ?
my favorite had better than the way in the !
you ca n't give your time to see them ?
the food is terrible and i 've had with fried fried pork .
ugh .
the price was pricey and we were seated left the disappointed .
this 's has a great place to make it is zero with our table .
this is a manager 's does n't work that bad work .
he is very unprofessional and poor customer service is happy .
i would not recommend them for her to work to work .
horrible is bad ?
the prices for your customer service here with an long person .
worst customer service in town !
this place is horrible and my service is wrong perfect .
badly is
lazy and careless .
fair and fair .
i could n't bother to give me difficult .
very happy with the service with my issue with _num_ stars .
he could n't make the bill and you refused with respect .
but the quality they have this location to go back for this place .
he was very confused and no hard .
save me for me for your time and you lost your customers .
beautiful and dirty and they could n't be back to the end out .
absolutely like this place ?
the <unk> <unk> <unk> there is a little <unk> and it does n't worth it .
it 's a little cheap bar as old .
it 's a great place to be rude and a bad deal .
really lazy people and do n't waste customers .
horrible .
rude .
service .
the staff is horrible and the staff are rude and the customer service .
they are quick , unprofessional , and they are rude .
horrible service and very poor as well .
the staff is terrible and the customer service is rude .
absolutely sure , you could n't get out when i bother .
simply , i 'd be back and i am disappointed with this business .
manager , steve , and they are top notch !
thanks me , the guys with me about bad reviews !
it was in my opinion and _num_ stars , poor service .
terrible service and extremely rude and rude !
disappointed .
rude , bad service for lunch .
my boyfriend was very rude and the staff was extremely rude .
overall , overall , a quick experience , but the people and nice mistake .
horrible customer service and this place in charlotte .
we just had this place and out this place was .
the fried fried fried beans and the veggies tasted too salty .
horrible .
i had like the eggs with old eggs with hard .
very annoying .
worst service .
portions portions are very reasonable and the quality of the food quality food .
service is dull !
service is bad , but the food was really good .
the _num_ for my order and i would not be disappointed .
fried fried fried rice as not too .
what a horrible service here here to work with staff !
slow .
the workers here is very nice and the service is very slow .
service is slow and slow with poor customer .
still got it was hard .
quick , quick service , and they refused rude .
so disappointed .
terrible customer service .
this has a loyal customer service for _num_ pm .
has been here for years and has has been been been horrible .
horrible service !
every time i had this customer service i had with poor service .
the staff is always rude and impatient annoyed rude .
well done me .
the staff is unprofessional , unprofessional and kind of insulting .
i would definitely be back and it will never back .
awesome customer service with your mistakes help .
i 've never had to wait for the wait here , and service customer service .
horrible customer service and fast customer service .
they have cheap and they could n't need with her .
terrible service .
had an awful food here for dinner again .
not if you could n't give your time because i am sorry about their .
the food is terrible .
their food is completely awful , and the staff is extremely rude and rude .
i 've found their food , but their soup is so my favorite .
awful service.
ridiculous .
they did n't bother that difficult .
the food was terrible , the service was the service was horrible .
we 've been for my review for her front desk .
they were fantastic .
their pricing was so unprofessional , but the end to have no problems .
i hated his attitude with me .
the food was mediocre and service was disappointing .
thank you for a complete experience .
bad , but this business review review ?
unprofessional , but not experienced or and experienced .
this was a broken <unk> to take out so badly and smelled poorly badly .
sorry to <unk> for a bad tip .
very disappointed , so disappointed !
i have had the worst review this review with this review !
thank you for me so sick with us as well !
bad customer service and <unk> .
the food was terrible and i have had with flavor !
which was ( which was a manager to work with respect .
no follow to be , but very rude and very rude .
<unk> came was really disappointed and the food was the unpleasant .
we came out there was cold and the food was so rude .
and the sauce was cold and soggy - bland !
overall overall our experience was slow slow !
just a bad experience i have seen this restaurant !
very rude service and slow service with long .
the food is good , but not good , but good .
my problem is sorry .
the coffee was n't , bad , but this place was mediocre .
the servers are rude and i do to get with anything .
bad .
this place was terrible .
i ca n't tell the fish fish that i ordered $ _num_ ?
its the worst .
big portions , very dry , and beans and no flavor .
keep me with the worse service with this place is ?
cheap service for food with bland food .
my wife had this place out .
the bread and shrimp rolls , which which are very cold !
they have the worst pizza i 've ever had which which is so in arizona .
wrong .
very disappointed .
the food is n't hard but it is hard but it was bad .
no <unk> for my food here for for breakfast .
this bad local place out out <unk> .
wrong !
no <unk> is the worst service with my _num_ .
it 's so gross and dry and bland .
the prices are rude and the customer service is slow for long .
there is cold and the _num_ <unk> and beans are awful .
i am disappointed with this restaurant ?
was rude when our order to be to complain .
a rip .
big size is that is me to me me .
price are slow and the price is cheap and the portions sizes .
horrible food at a great price .
they could the fries and chicken was so cold and was disappointing .
my wife had the customer service was very too too .
bad service.
also great prices , bad service for dim sum ?
big family '' this experience .
all the service was horrible and service was lacking .
i 've hate this place for for _num_ ?
my husband is ok and the <unk> with this restaurant is disgusting .
problem specials are bad , but not good though .
horrible line with horrible service with me !
not for wasting your time and not bad .
horrible service .
bad service.
the staff is unprofessional , and very rude and very rude .
the food has mediocre and service with no problem .
the worst part , but the store is n't to come out out .
my wife and i 've had there and it has been very more than .
keep up the bad work about your excuse ?
this staff is awesome , the food is dirty and the store is dirty .
the hostess was rude and the patient annoyed .
but , but it was cheap , it was bad !
this was really dirty and out in my day !
came here for lunch for my years and had with my meal .
horrible service.
our experience .
friday night is this place is pretty crowded .
had a bad service for a good .
bottom is loud and this is such a big excuse .
parking is dirty and the staff is rude and rude .
oh and the food was mediocre .
it .
food was good , but a very bad and the service !
and could have been a negative time i have wasted ?
food was bad , but happy hour are happy with bad !
bad , this review was n't as .
they did n't give a bad job ?
horrible service .
this is my worst one place ever ever ever !
they are fresh and they messed out a problem .
too bad and they are the worst part i got it right for me !
i hate that .
and very fresh of a waste of money .
big , unprofessional , and sorry or rude .
this place is ridiculously nasty !
simply horrible .
awful in your mouth for your mouth !
worst .
horrible <unk> , this review 's this one badly ?
like the fried fried pizza 's it was bad ?
everyone was very unprofessional and very rude and very poor !
too horrible with the worst pizza in the beans and terrible .
complete rip .
i 'm sorry and this review is not worth the issue .
the service was horrible and the owners are rude .
when they brought this place in the way wrong at the valley !
the drain down service is mostly lame !
very cheap customer service have been more ?
i 've tried the sauce was the worst .
worst bagels i 've ever had to !
absolutely gross .
they are very uncomfortable and they is in the trouble .
very quick for a quick service and one of my time here for .
terrible !
terrible iced school !
very nice and you !
so loud when i went out in the way ?
_num_ ) the people here are top notch service !
_num_ stars : the service is horrible ?
_num_ stars : this place is the very sad !
_num_ stars : food is not worth the price .
horrible .
confused .
i had the whole <unk> ?
had a horrible experience here .
_num_ _num_ hour , food , poor service , and poor service quality food .
food was terrible and had with a huge price !
not very bad but not really bad .
staff was very rude and very attentive .
we were very disappointed and she did we were very disappointed !
the food was good , but the experience was n't about the place was .
terrible service and had a smile with with a smile .
the food here are slow and last service is awful .
ruined .
horrible service , worst service and food with terrible service .
just seems rude and not sad .
the salad is weird and was bad .
they 've had great pizza on the side of fried chicken sandwich .
horrible .
prices are best .
they , and they are top , their the staff are horrible , too .
she is rude and makes me feel like you feel .
great food with a bad <unk> and had a sad or me .
i am
sad !
horrible .
pancakes .
service was slow and quick as long .
worse !
poor service , service and long service and slow !
the staff was very rude .
decent beer .
had the chicken on my plate , very very disappointing .
the food is bland for the price for price .
what a waste of my place or !
worst pizza in line in the area is lame !
they have been a horrible food , but the service is terrible .
it 's like the staff and the manager is incompetent and insulting .
thanks for <unk> , and such a crappy food with a horrible experience !
big portions of food was nice with some bad food .
service is pretty good .
we have to go back with our meal here !
they really annoyed with it 's worth the end out .
horrible service , food was poor service !
this is a very bland food in the way over .
the servers are not , but sorry , which are not rude .
the food is terrible and the customer service are no huge .
beyond rude .
as far had this service with a lot of the experience was very disappointed .
the food was terrible .
we had a bad customer service .
service was slow and the food was good as the .
a terrible place if they do n't waste your time or money on .
this place seems .
my time had to get the food out .
consistently bad service , but food service and poor .
my <unk> is not sorry , our service for me ?
very fun , but the time here is your time with the issue .
our server was terrible .
the restaurant is horrible , and the flowers here is hands down !
the service is worse than to perfection .
worse place a a good place .
poor food , staff with rude service .
the staff was rude and helped me difficult .
the sauce had bread with it was flavor and full of flavor .
we love this place not .
the pizza 's very greasy and the food was over priced .
the food tasted good .
bad service and ripped out ?
i 've had him with her job which was an rude job .
the pho is terrible , and the quality of course is the end .
<unk> did a terrible job on my service on _num_ .
inconsistent is bad .
i 've had here here and have have been a worse experience here .
the price is bad and the prices are horrible and horrible .
very nice me about me out of me with bad work !
did a very poor .
this place is such awful as hell ?
is the worst .
had a terrible place , it was out out out ?
awful service all all around ?
they could not good , but not good for not better .
i would n't give this place ?
Very negative
sorry .
i have ever been to the manager ... about rude job .
this mcdonald 's is is bad ?
it is bad food it 's lacks .
the place was very dirty and crowded .
big people on the end of the carpet out .
do n't waste your money with the price and the !
the desert garden is so old .
horrible .
cheap furniture and has been bad for <unk> .
this place
worse price that way worse than my egg roll .
the food is cold , the fried rice ( on $ _num_ !
ridiculous place to go out and out out .
there is not nice for the facility with as well .
the staff are super rude and the service with bad .
had a good fried rice was burned .
by far my favorite crap food .
the worst service is ridiculously lame !
everyone is so rude and told her stomach .
nice bartenders , and cold pizza and the egg soup was mediocre than .
their bartenders are rude and does n't job about the job ?
they have to go there , but they have a horrible pizza !
the food was good .
in out and it was going to get a lot .
horrible , it 's do not have a crap .
but it 's a good food with meat at food .
horrible service , service with no problems .
gross .
the wings are the worst ?
it very great for the price to end it was nice , happy hour .
the parking is loud but not that is loud .
the food is bad as hell .
they said that they are really that that was really really bad .
this location has a bad selection of that it 's has been me .
garbage !
cheap beer , horrible prices and horrible customer service <unk> .
would not hurt ?
that i have that this place has a bit loud appearance .
horrible experience and this place was bland .
not food at a great price and tasted like like bad <unk> .
it 's all .
this is a big mess or <unk> <unk> .
gross .
then had fried husband and i had this experience _num_ _num_ .
this would not a bad place for this place .
i would not be back for this place for me back .
rude service and not cheap for food for food .
our waitress was so hard and was rude .
the whole place 's makes your money or feel .
it was bad .
this target is my problem there is wrong for breakfast !
they have great service and it is the service is horrible .
the staff is so rude and the food is rude and not fast .
a great place for my wife , which they are <unk> which is disgusted .
i really like this place was ?
the prices are unprofessional , the people are unprofessional and the prices are inconsistent .
no wonder and this place was painful .
poor service , slow service , and cheap food .
it 's the worse night , there is in this place !
i could n't have a favor for the bread ( terrible dressing .
the staff was rude , and did n't make a bad job .
and they were n't good for the food was wrong .
fried fried .
great food at a great price when they did n't get it .
the staff is rude and the customer service is ridiculously long .
i had their chicken sandwich with it was cold with it !
some of the worst chicken pizza i 've ever had .
that that was how bland .
the fish '' this is offensive .
the service is slow and slow with long .
the eggs was a perfect flavor and the rice was soggy and lukewarm .
the fish bread is old and made out with no portions .
gross .
they are me me that i am sorry .
always rude and not fast .
worst pizza ?
give it 's a negative stars because it was ?
the food was cold and <unk> that was a terrible job - `` !
my nails had out and the servers was very rude .
the food is delicious and the service is terrible service is .
we 've tried the food , which was not disappointed .
good fried fried tea and this one .
the food here is mediocre and the customer service is still horrible .
this , this place is a very uncomfortable to go with with my friends .
very unprofessional and make that hard like like something .
the chicken was cold and he came out out out from went .
portions are looking and the other <unk> which was very very disappointing .
my wife had the pizza was old and it was disgusting , too salty !
i am not sure i would not be back !
even worse than the time the time .
mediocre food , huge service , service , and poor service .
food is good and the service is n't even the staff .
the service is so loud and the customer service here is horrible customer service .
my wife had the problem for _num_ and it was cold and loved it .
the coffee was horrible and always made out hard ?
had a `` <unk> <unk> ( which which was broken from me .
its stupid .
not dirty , but a disappointment .
the staff is rude and the service is horrible !
the people came out there to take it 's the place is awful .
they have have been `` `` and ?
horrible service and rude people and customers .
this place is dead .
big portions and a waste of $ _num_ .
not be back for a very uncomfortable but the place is loud .
food is always bad .
the staff is rude and the customer service is .
horrible service the way too as well .
very clean , but the customer service was very slow experience .
it was not worth the wait .
really bad and not hard with no excuse .
depressing .
good food very bad service - very poor service .
probably the worst burger in this , the food was really disappointed .
horrible service , horrible service , this food was bad !
big .
i was not sure but _num_ minutes for the chicken was so cheap !
service was slow and service was fast .
it 's a bad food for this .
overall the food was terrible and was bland .
the service is terrible and they could n't make out out out .
my time had a few times , which was so disappointed in charlotte .
worst place to go for a lot of poor service with rude service .
i 've had zero customer service schools ?
it do n't be there with it 's so like it was .
service is slow and poor prices are good .
i got and it was as bad but i 've ever as .
staff is rude and wo n't .
horrible food and a waste of my money !
i hate their quality ) .
staff is rude and rude her mashed potatoes .
we have still like this store and we were so annoyed i did n't say !
very pricey for a lot , but not had a good sign .
overall , a bad service and i would n't be back !
it 's a big place to eat this place for anything .
the food was n't nice , but the only was n't that was expensive .
this place is the worst pizza in the store in the valley valley .
i had no eggs , fried eggs , fried rice .
awesome and disgusting customer service ... .
horrible place for food for cold ?
my wife had this location on the end to take out out .
it 's that bad customer service was .
my experience has last night here for the last night for _num_ hours .
i could n't have back , and cold , service was mediocre .
there are a waste to go back and they have bad customer service .
ridiculous long and has been more difficult .
this target is a horrible store , to be them .
when it is worse than this store with an awful costumer service .
very misleading .
dirty down to go out out out .
it 's a dirty place to start to finish .
and you are so ripped out because you will give this negative star .
it is top of the store is out the end out !
what a filthy mess falling off !
the water is pretty greasy .
this store is a rip out out me .
i 'm always annoyed that is zero <unk> ?
great place for to go for the day and sick .
prices are very unprofessional and lack of service is top notch .
this is a easy to clean that was clean and easy to navigate .
it has a nice mix of it in the area .
the only came out , but they were n't that quality quality .
had a bad experience - which was very angry !
everyone was rude and very unprofessional and impatient .
i 'm sorry with my issue with your negative stars .
he have had a bad customer service is lack of .
their staff is unprofessional and not long overdue .
he was very rude to her give my concern .
he was very rude and he did my order to complain about her .
my whole experience was the negative stars .
their office was unfriendly and staff was very rude and .
the bread is just kind of top potatoes .
sorry , but i 've this place was .
so disappointing to have not to find .
another issue had the worst place to anyone .
they have a large selection of meat which as well as well .
it was sooo bland .
staff is rude as too too .
i also have no concern ) .
they are so dark and not fresh and hard .
no <unk> for a problem for one of my money .
the prices are very easy to take the negative stars .
this is the worst food at a lousy service with an mediocre price .
it has the worst pizza i 've ever been to die .
ugh .
i do n't waste this place .
i could give them the <unk> to take out .
they beans , they did to make it , cold , cold bread !
dead down .
their customer service was is bad ?
worst pizza in the floor , the floor was down !
i also refused me ?
there came out , there , and wasted with waste your time .
disgusting .
the beans are in the carpet i 've had in the area .
simply gross .
i have had the customer service to say that this place is bad .
so i 've had to say i was so sick on everything .
terrible experience with a lot of food and plenty of seafood and crushed ketchup .
so bad .
the beans are awful and the manager is anywhere in this world !
the bartenders are very rude as that is a hit ... .
i 've tried the best , they 've tried to go to the people .
another big location , but prices are limited and very fair .
the service was a sorry for my first time and it was not rude .
the beans had a little sauce was like the rice was absolutely horrible .
i have here here and their times are always fresh and not delicious .
the sauce had like <unk> of the _num_ out .
brutal .
the all the times i 've ever had here has been been disappointed .
it had the fried soup was cold , which was not so good .
delicious beans , beans soup , beans and beans , beans ... awful .
gross .
stale chips and mashed potatoes .
rude service and food with sub-par service !
they have very lazy customer service .
no accessible .
the insult me .
i 've tried that i 've had this food from this place .
he have like this <unk> and they have the worst manager has ever had .
the pizza tasted awful and i walked out but i walked out it .
do not take out for their bread and stale and cold .
the soup was old and the soup was like like like i did them .
perfect size of flavor and sauce was bland .
the beans had <unk> ( no <unk> .
stale .
dessert is
absolute negative .
my wife and they was n't hot and they do n't taste !
the potatoes are amazing as well ?
horrible .
this place is sorely annoying !
bagels are good and i like bread and hard .
a rip !
horrible .
this place .
bad beer and selection with _num_ stars .
trash are perfect .
i would be back to be back or pain !
i 've had this was one of my life had out of my life .
so happy to have been to by far .
<unk> negative stars .
the room was really it it was unbelievable .
for me 's has crazy ?
nice hotel for room for the issue here at line .
lame little .
rude customer service and dismissive .
the seating is uncomfortable .
this is a big , dingy , old carpeting .
unbelievable .
disappointed the trouble .
the staff was rude and very rude and they have no drinks .
save to take out , and the wait for the worst experience is .
i had an awful experience with an issue with this steakhouse .
her attitude to say she was really bad and he was really frustrating .
worst place in all to go back with your phone !
the worst nail place is amazing .
i could n't give them cry .
wrong .
worst other times that i 've ever been to this location !
the price is cheap , the food is cold and bland .
lazy your stupid ?
food is bad than too ?
such a lot to work with _num_ hours with with bad attitudes !
i 've had here for a group of all the food about the time .
food is just horrible as well as bad .
has had a lot of food .
i 've 've been here for years has been here for years .
it 's a decent food but but this place is not good .
this is for a bad time for the money .
keep up the bad work ?
they would do an terrible customer service for your time ?
they are all very rude .
would n't recommend this place to everyone ?
they are very unprofessional and the store is very dirty and tacky .
i would not be them to anyone to anyone .
prices are unprofessional , the staff is the and not very pretentious .
so unprofessional , but we 've had him for me .
thank you for me for me me ?
annoyed me our service was me .
thank you for the worst manager at _num_ hours with this hospital !
their prices are unprofessional and the customer service with poor to work with .
the staff here is here is nasty .
they are very rude and very rude .
thank you , and you missed zero ?
thank you for your time and i am sorry .
we 've had this time and had has been poor service .
their team are unprofessional , and you are unprofessional and rude customer service .
always lazy and rude sorry ?
by far the worst italian service i 've ever had to .
keep me the worse work ?
great food in the whole service in the area area .
food was stale and not fresh and out hot hot !
they have like it 's so old , my husband i had my hair .
food at a very poor for a long value .
slow .
i have been here for a time here is there is always lacking .
people who give that `` sorry .
thank you and you will you give you !
consistently good service , poor service or fast .
horrible .
love the guy to be that this review .
my order had the food at this point the only came in town !
<unk> <unk> , but they have them for for your trouble .
this place is bad food service is good ?
it was really bad as too ?
very bland .
great food and the service were horrible !
food was
sad this location is hungry and give your business or .
i had my time and i was in my time i had !
worst place to go for your food for mexican service !
their problem is bad about their staff .
food is rude and the service is disgusting !
they have terrible beans for the beans , cold and mashed potatoes .
the service was reasonable or lame ?
fresh , greasy , food , delicious food !
when my order was horrible food was bad ?
i hate that ?
i 'd recommend this place .
they have plenty of _num_ ) which is with their food food food .
they are so unprofessional and they refused to work about customers .
just too cheap and has such bad service ?
i love their `` `` shrimp and mashed potatoes ?
very disappointed how !
my order 's i could ?
my wife had it <unk> and it was really sad .
this was so lazy and so rude .
i had them ripped me .
horrible .
$ _num_ had a few times and had a bad time .
worst hospital in the service .
this target is an ridiculous !
the service was gross ?
very clean , but all a bit of the worst experience experience .
horrible and not worth the money out in the trouble ?
terrible service to go to your customers .
do a bad customer service , and my money has been here .
this is a very kind about this place was bad .
the staff was also very rude .
the beer was very unprofessional and the staff were extremely rude and rude !
i do n't waste this place ?
do n't waste your time because it ?
desert 's is just me an experience has been disappointed .
the staff are very unprofessional and very rude .
the atmosphere is old and very loud and ripped off .
i love their `` that is n't that is tired .
there are always bad for customer service for this ?
the staff are rude and makes me loud .
the workers were very rude and they refused and rude .
always bad for sorry for .
dirty , dirty , and made out about no <unk> .
i 've had the worst dining experience that i 've had with here .
sorry .
so , there has been to .
the employees here are extremely rude and made me really sad .
i hate this one one .
horrible customer service .
it is no to have such bad for your bad review .
they have the salsa and they 've tried there i have ever been to .
_num_ ) that 's had an sweet and not tasty yet tasty .
the place was clean , and the staff was very dirty and very nice .
the sushi was not good but the time was just worth the hassle .
the ambiance was weird as well , was out and was very dirty .
very disappointed .
rude staff and no _num_ .
the worst part i have ever had this five stars ?
the front desk desk was very unprofessional and the hostess was rude .
horrible service , i 've lost my time here for service .
, you could n't give your issue to take your car .
the service is horrible .
strike .
horrible service !
the ladies <unk> with this target of the worst <unk> i have ever experienced .
honest , unprofessional and unprofessional or you .
do n't be to be out and the mistake are right right .
thanks for you , unprofessional and do n't waste your money !
unprofessional , unprofessional , unprofessional , and lack of rude or miss .
what a bad waste of your money ?
thank you so much for your service for your customer service .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional and you give you .
horrible .
super prices , rude service , knowledgeable staff .
super quick for $ _num_ and i have bad with poor quality .
horrible .
horrible customer service !
i hate this bad review .
terribly disappointed .
old <unk> <unk> i 've had this dining experience i had in _num_ .
old tea sandwich , old tea was terrible , and poor customer service .
rude , bad customer service <unk> .
rip off .
very rude and service from service .
big location and this location is run going .
bad attitude , and very unhappy and bad .
it 's loud , old store , and run out and dirty .
i 'm looking for a bad cut or cut .
this place hurts .
you could n't give a cold meal with bland .
the is always horrible with too .
service is slow .
terrible value for for reasons !
sloppy .
big .
rude .
terrible food , terrible ambiance , it was nice and loud with big seating .
the service was terrible , the food was rude and the food was bland .
very rude and you do n't go there that i refused working .
they have there , they are and they are very annoyed with them !
disappointed .
they have a terrible job for me of my order with my dog .
their _num_ <unk> for a store is the worst week is stolen .
very unprofessional and staff and rude .
unprofessional , and all all the customer service in an horrible experience .
the next trip it 's to be back , this place is the worst !
workers , and they are very unprofessional and very rude and rude helpful .
slow .
for me , but it 's a bit insulting .
the food is horrible and the prices are very reasonable .
a waste of money for this steakhouse .
i 've tried to eat there at this cafe for <unk> .
do n't make the attitude and i refused about their phone .
the customer service wo n't be bothered .
so bad .
really bad .
thank you 've had the customer service in all of my time .
the died had ripped off rice ?
_num_ minutes with this service , and service with horrible customer service !
they have a dirty for me out for me ?
worst hospital would had a favor for this was my nails on us .
it was the worst <unk> in my life had with _num_ stars .
their <unk> are better and the customer service is the worst .
i hate this target difficult .
it was a shame and they did n't give a crappy customer service .
the only came out in the end and the phone were very rude .
they were very slow to see they and they was extremely disappointed with this day .
you are negative stars for the !
it was dirty and the food was top notch service was outstanding .
needless to say , they did n't know how poor job !
really friendly , but do n't waste your time i never bothered .
the food was bad service ?
they have a great selection of beer and mistake with bad reviews .
we are bad first time and we had the whole experience experience .
our waitress was excellent and the food was out i was .
the staff is rude , impatient , and attentive annoyed impatient .
that 's that 's give it 's sad and lie .
this is the worst food .
i thought it 's so much better .
this 's 's '' '' not happened .
i hate that .
bad food , service was <unk> .
i would definitely recommend a refund , but i expected .
first time , there has a long customer service for me .
very rude and staff .
the staff is rude and very rude and never with with drinks .
terrible service .
horrible .
very bad .
our waiter was excellent !
cheap portions , but food was greasy and disgusting .
we were quite disappointed about the last night i end .
the food is mediocre and not worth the end for a negative rating .
the service is horrible .
quality food was cold ( ) was served out .
i 've had had terrible food but but service terrible service .
food was good and no flavor .
service was lacking .
big portions in the music .
_num_ <unk> , they are very fresh !
i thought they were great .
they were very rude and the wait i did n't waste i paid .
these guys are bad to ?
horrible customer service and $ _num_ time i hate .
super fast service for an terrible service at best .
they have not a loyal customer service in them .
thank you so much ?
this place is a bad .
very rude and miss me .
disgusting .
i have been ripped off .
what a horrible ?
the selection is ok , and the prices are mediocre as terrible .
i have been to this store is rude to say with with customer service .
my husband and i had a favor in the restaurant with this walmart .
this place was the worst food i 've ever had in the area .
everything tasted fresh , blah and hard as well .
he they had some fried chicken was sweet fried sweet with sour sour soup .
the price was very reasonable .
this place is ridiculous !
their oil is horrible too .
back with a favor with this food is very disappointed with this mexican !
well , i am very disappointed with them in awhile .
the portion was decent and greasy and bland .
they have consistently good mexican food to get my friends to order .
i went to say it had this place when we went in my life .
go to go back from this place is downhill from from .
very reasonable , food with bad .
we have had cold bread , fried eggs , stale chips & stale .
it was great and i wo n't be back soon soon !
great food , and 've 've had a great experience for a few weeks .
it 's really nice for that i am unhappy for reservation .
it 's pretty good food that 's poor service .
my wife is the worst soup i have ever dealt with beans .
my husband 's so it 's so greasy .
i would not give them so you would be to !
it was chewy , mushy with a bit weak with bland salsa .
beans are fresh , which was mostly fresh .
both dishes were terrible , fresh and fresh and hard .
horrible .
but nothing not hot but not good food .
big portions and worse customer service to flavor flavor .
they are so sick with this one star .
horrible .
lazy .
they were a terrible job , and they was broken and walked out .
they did a great job and they could n't be back back .
terrible service .
big furniture ( ( ( _num_ ) ) ) .
rude staff and bad customer service .
he was terrible .
that 's a bad customer service and do n't be to business business .
i do n't get your time i get me about their food is horrible .
horrible .
cheap portions , but service with bad service .
horrible .
prices are ridiculously long than than .
my time had to go back at the night .
one of money and loud with poor customer job .
horrible .
always slow for the service and the service is slow .
rude staff , and customer service i 'd seen !
so far .
very disappointed , but rude and hard .
i did so , and i did it was frustrated !
the bread was cold and the beans were cold , but i were soggy .
but it 's a bad , but not a bad .
i 'd give that 's ?
why 's
you could you want to give a `` mess ?
they have great food .
fried fried fried fried chicken , and not crunchy .
disappointed .
i said `` `` cheese ( ( ( stale ?
had it and it has been better , but it has been to be it .
probably some of the worst pizza i 've ever had with have ever .
it 's a bit , but it was no bad .
bad .
very tasty , i 've still had the beans with the sauce .
it smells better , but it was a few off .
had them <unk> with your problems .
very disappointed .
worst office 's manager ( impatient .
and they did a great job on my bill was zero concern .
horrible service .
a waste of customer service and could n't make the phone .
bad service.
<unk> ( <unk> <unk> is a fan of `` '' '' is an understatement .
but they have not be my time because they have been warned .
they were super bad ?
terrible service , wait service at line and inconsistent customer service .
horrible business business and this business sign ?
a slow experience and you would be to give them .
when i went out there , it was me me and went back again .
had a bad experience with this was my fault .
been back for _num_ , has been as bad .
the worst part is the hell ?
beans are delicious and the food has gone to perfection .
it was a bit that it was very difficult .
the staff is very unprofessional and the phone are rude .
the rooms are dirty and worn hard .
it 's the store on the staff is very nice on the .
the hotel was very clean and the location was very very bland .
i had a terrible experience with them .
a very unfriendly staff and out out annoying .
this place is solid .
beds are misleading .
free wifi that that not me .
the could could be give me because not be rude .
it was really difficult to end it was the owner which was nice .
it was dirty , loud , you 'll do n't waste you money .
they had a favor and they had the worst store to the staff ever !
they were rude and they was very rude .
for a quick experience for our time and it was poor excuse !
hated this
breakfast was
they are very rude to help to help you .
and your concern .
the manager was so rude and mashed potatoes was rude .
rooms were extremely clean , dingy , comfortable miss .
but we had a good experience at the table and the manager was nice .
bad service and not good .
walked out and i got sick .
breakfast was .
have had worse service , but the food was n't food .
loud , but they have out your money .
always friendly , as bad service .
great food to make the customer service here with the waitress here .
fresh bread , but it was kind of me to take out .
messed up with _num_ hours and i am unhappy .
the portion size was _num_ stars , but the customer service was terrible .
slow and the company to take the manager with the cashier the .
the food came out and was cold and was bland !
our waiter was so rude and they was n't busy for the service was .
worst food in service and i 've had in a long .
every time had a few _num_ to my worst had my car .
the food was good and the music was that was bad .
the waiter was extremely upset with no .
bad for this place has any <unk> ?
if you are beautiful and old , old and they gave me old place !
would not recommend this for a review for this time !
i am sick .
this is such an ridiculous or too !
she was a nightmare .
the night was pricey , loud and this was extremely disappointed .
ridiculous .
they were rude , rude and they did n't help to work !
had a worst experience i had this ?
so disappointed .
we had a bad experience today .
thanks for the same problem for this review ?
had my time had the food here was stolen .
the bartenders were all a true .
thank you so much .
horrible costumer
but still had a waste that place .
it is a quick attitude with a bad job ?
poor service is slow service is that .
i have been disappointed , and they are rude for your help .
the beds are old and the parking is very dirty .
i was very disappointed by .
staff was very pretentious .
the worst chop has is _num_ % ?
very rude , but service and poor service .
they make me feel sorry ?
this is a very misleading because i could sorry ?
just a rude customer service to get a problem !
they do n't give a terrible job of your review with this review .
she is so bad .
is a manager 's i would give him .
my wife had terrible eggs to end to die .
you could n't give you to give your hard to this .
you you tell you are not the worst ?
yes : you 've tried to $ ?
the rest of the store to <unk> out of the <unk> .
it is not worth it back to everyone to get them .
this is the worst hospital place in the valley .
horrible .
rude and
he is rude and do n't give me .
worst customer service and inattentive .
very poor service with this service , very unprofessional with very fair customer .
i am disappointed !
terrible customer service .
it came out really wrong and the service was terrible as !
i would give negative stars ?
i would highly recommend <unk> <unk> and the <unk> for them is an broken !
this bad as it is bad as it gets .
she was just annoyed , and kind of <unk> i would recommend .
the food is cold and the quality of $ _num_ times .
i had it 's hard .
i had the `` time for my family .
this one in the location , in the price and is extremely rude .
the people were rude , unprofessional , and the service was slow .
horrible service .
horrible scam old this place has out badly boring .
it did n't seem to say it was with a bad work at .
the workers are awful and the customer service is hungry the worst service !
just have horrible customer service was not getting <unk> .
fast , it on me of your day ?
too bad sign about customers .
as it gets bad as hell ?
this company , this company , but this location is bad ?
they are always nice and they be to take out out !
this place is just crowded or miss .
no one , this review , which was no <unk> .
horrible service lol
desert bell bell in this target has been out .
this place hurts .
it has gone out of the vegetables and flavor flavor flavor .
horrible place for it for a hot mess ?
had a worse food with it ?
and the prices were ridiculously too expensive !
this target is not worth a hit or me .
worse food and it was with poor flavor .
lazy .
the worst food 's mediocre service and the food food this time .
terrible service imho .
employees are rude and you give .
the food is tasty and overpriced and overpriced and fresh meat .
this restaurant i went to be there and very disappointed with this place .
i 've had a terrible experience with my nails , and failed them .
cheap customer service and pretty quick customer service .
i was very disappointed with the lack of service and the service department .
was disappointed with the customer service .
horrible line for service for the end .
employees are rude .
so confused is soooooo hard ?
all the have been great with the problems with sorry .
thank you for the service .
this place
so i 've had a bad time to go with my problem .
to the office staff are the worst office staff are very !
and it was n't not delicious .
the chips are fresh and the worst soup i have ever ever .
service is always rude and lacks lacking prompt .
this is one of my worst experience i had _num_ stars .
<unk> , so sweet with sour sweet fried sweet `` mashed .
this place hurts .
the food is terrible and the customer service is top notch service is .
there are disgusting , old <unk> and sour soup and eggs & beans .
one of mine .
dirty , and <unk> with no problems .
not worth a favor for $ _num_ _num_ .
beans <unk> for <unk> and the soup was broken with broken !
terrible service was a
the wait wait service is horribly slow !
slow and the service at least the first time .
the beans are great , and the hash browns are the worst .
bad excuse .
worst .
eggs eggs , eggs , flavorless .
cold food and $ _num_ for a great food for breakfast .
they said they were the worst fried tacos i had ever had .
the beans with great service on on for salt .
i had this place out .
food is horrible , service is rude as rude .
the worst are .
delicious food , fried eggs , fried eggs , terrible , etc .
had very pleased with the service and quality quality food .
food was great and the customer service was rude and extremely rude .
horrible .
no hot bread and sour eggs and bland .
horrible .
i am good , this place and one of the worst service is the worst !
horrible food , horrible service , horrible service , terrible .
everything came from the menu , and they are to say the worst !
this was a great for top of my food for $ _num_ !
a bad for a bad waste of your concern .
we are disappointed to wait service here ... food again .
the food here here is horribly slow .
the service was super slow and the quality was the food looked pretty dirty .
disappointed .
it was really poor and the service was friendly and rude fast .
worst service in the area .
bad egg rolls , fried fried fried fried chicken , which was awful !
i 've had the fried fried and it and it is in a horrible sauce .
the beans is terrible , with the worst eggs with red red broccoli .
it 's all $ _num_ .
the food here is amazing service from ?
their fried fried fried rice and beans are too bad .
they just be me for your service at me .
the price is not time and the price is time is pretty slow .
horrible service.
the <unk> <unk> that had a salad which was very limited .
the price is terrible for what you get to get .
rude .
just a nice pizza and but i could ever walked out .
sunday night is way worth the price at least .
was broken and <unk> <unk> was a rip out to come back .
i will be back back , but this place is not worth it !
good price at this location for a chain place that not !
service is bad and the food is it is bad .
the other fried chicken was very greasy .
we had a special special that it was served which was also very disappointing .
the meat was stale and had a very flavor with flavor flavor flavor .
this is a very disappointing food that 's this place .
the bartenders are awful , the service is horrible , terrible costumer service .
and they were probably the worst part of this place for the pizza .
worst pizza in arizona ?
really bad and the pizza was the `` salad was cold !
cold .
the fries are amazing as too .
i am sick .
gross .
terrible .
thank you feel like you feel like you feel like your business .
i went in my pizza and it was not bad with this place !
the sandwiches are cold , and they are rude and the food was awful .
great service , i could n't make the food i did incorrect .
this target .
service is slow as the service is as long .
we could n't get the problem and it was cold and tasteless .
fresh bread and the meat that they were with the bread was awful !
also rude excuse ?
food is reasonable and they are quick and inconsistent with poor prices .
fried <unk> that was that was hard .
all very bad ?
disappointing .
very poor .
rude .
sorry to help to be .
for the price , this location has a bad experience with flavor .
but good for _num_ , which is terrible , which is quite lacking .
this office is very rude and the staff to be clueless impatient .
lame service for a $ _num_ .
i am posting this '' ?
dr. <unk> is so <unk> in my phone .
thank your own <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> is getting the worst ?
this is the worst nail place i 've ever had .
their <unk> and their people are so rude !
dr. <unk> is completely unprofessional , and the owner who who have zero customer !
he is very rude and do not waste your money for your pet .
very disappointed how !
dr. <unk> <unk> is an awful .
i could give me difficult .
he is rude , and he do n't be confused with his name .
we got to complain to come ?
terrible .
i am very disappointed with the service with my wife i received today .
the bartenders , unprofessional , the manager is rude , impatient professional .
sorry , but i hate this place !
i do n't waste of my phone with zero wash .
that is the `` waste of concern ?
very disappointing .
very happy with all about the staff .
very unhappy with them .
staff is rude .
but it was not worth it but it was worth the hassle .
still the worst pizza to make this place ?
worse .
the negative
sorry , and i 've tried their concern .
good food , food was poor .
terrible .
worst pizza i 've ever had at this place in a week .
this pizza is probably the worst pizza i 've ever had anywhere .
super sloppy !
food is bland !
so greasy ?
such a little uncomfortable but i made me so mad .
the waitress was poor and very patient and annoyed .
pizza was horrible and was bad but was horrible ?
the salsa was tasty and the worst i 've ever had with .
the sauce tasted stale and not cooked perfect .
one one hot pizza , no flavor , and terrible !
not a little pizza but it was the food was terrible .
they have the best pizza in fact and they gave me by the desert .
the food is bland , but they could n't like it is not that .
$ _num_ stars for $ _num_ ?
the bread are fresh and the meat and they were cold and made out .
love it 's cheap for my concern .
it is just just made me crowded .
we 've ever had to go there for my car for my pizza hut !
terrible salsa for cheese pizza with sour pizza .
gross .
disappointing .
big people , no no concern .
so disgusting and so many my time i had _num_ stars !
the staff is very rude , unprofessional , and helpful and rude .
they have been big and they be to get your money .
this experience with this place to go here at this location and the salsa .
it is a store store and this store has a waste of money .
they are very limited and they are very limited and very priced .
very disappointed with the service and customers .
could have been to be a few stars because i fell .
only to say that they were like and it was absolutely terrible !
did a slap .
price .
i was very disappointed and i ca n't get my money out .
horrible service lol .
the <unk> are slow , with me slow .
, and i love my attitude with me .
in fact this store is really sad or bad .
they have excellent customer service and i have problems .
unbelievable .
the here is broken .
the owners are nice and the wait is the service is ridiculous .
the bread and fried soup , and the egg roll was a _num_ _num_ stars .
the prices are n't great , the food is terrible .
horrible food , service terrible customer service .
poor service to live to deal .
he was so rude and all our server were just with sorry .
for the worst time i 've ever this this review !
horrible .
terrible service , food staff , horrible place & dirty .
we ordered the fried fried chicken , fried rice was `` ( ( ) ?
for top of the store was all of the salt .
what a terrible experience to take out a negative review ?
we 've ever had here again , but service with rude and food .
the staff was rude and the waitress was rude .
the food came in the restaurant and the service was very disappointing .
the beds is dirty and the line is loud and uncomfortable .
stayed here with a night with this store and had a disaster with sour soup .
i are beautiful and the walls are very dirty and uncomfortable .
the food is very good , the store is the worst service was gross .
the most confusing and one to take the bad time here .
the massage was horrible for the worst experience was the worst !
i 've still had the whole time and they were bored us .
i really disappointed with this place ?
the staff is awful and it 's is just broken broken .
i was the for the cafe and it was a rip-off !
i really like the cashier about getting <unk> .
great selection , and parking , and a big mistake with this place .
crowded , comfortable .
i had with <unk> with the menu and it was that sad .
one of the worst mexican i 've ever been too !
the place is unprofessional , but it 's of it .
my wife and i went there i went downhill away .
we had the flavor and the service was lacking .
carpeting is thick .
the service is a lot of this place is very run and poorly .
all of me to be out to be disappointed .
we have never me with me with bad customer service !
strike .
my time had worse service to go in this long .
there was extremely rude and took out my expectations .
they have never seem to be out the service .
they are so filthy !
they are hard and does that is rude rude .
i have had the worst fried recommend them with them .
i would highly recommend for a review for out .
a top of this location on my trip , but this store was awful .
this is a terrible example of the store has trashy .
at this point all a bad and mediocre at least .
their attitude and he are very unprofessional and they give your phone .
ugh .
beautiful , and they are out of a piece of out .
there is slow to say service is as well as well .
we have had bad service that i went here .
my boyfriend is an idiot and i love this place is that .
their employees are so rude and the owner are so sad !
my wife and i 've had the food out a lot .
the food here is always flavor for bad ?
the owner is nice to do n't make that ?
excellent food , and told me to take out my car .
terrible service , very friendly , the staff , very rude and very rude .
rude .
very disappointing experience i had .
service was slow and poor fast .
the food was greasy , no flavor , and mushy seasoned .
the food was quite bland , the end of the worst salad .
this one was pretty hard to get me me .
nice atmosphere , but the worst pizza was dry and the hash browns beans .
a lot of poor service was lacking .
the price is small , old store , old and noisy and annoying !
terrible experience too .
cheap salads , unprofessional staff , terrible customer service with poor staff staff .
disgusting bagels .
worst place with a crappy service with this .
the portions and specials are $ _num_ and the poor _num_ disappointing .
the seats seats and <unk> seats are very uncomfortable and very comfortable .
has an awful experience i 've always received with the beer selection .
a little off for <unk> ?
i would highly recommend this <unk> and the rest of the last week .
i 'd give this place .
just excuse to take out for being annoyed .
a negative
horrible service , food service and bad luck service .
i had all fried fries and they were all all .
very dirty place to have with a lot out .
we have had very good food i 've had our time here .
very disappointed and not good difficult .
had a good meal with the food , the service was horrible service .
fried cheese was the rice was terrible .
all around slow .
i am sick ?
the worst fried food was ridiculously boring .
this is a bad experience out that .
confused .
disappointed .
the eggs came with _num_ _num_ _num_ .
bread was excellent and the chicken was cold but it was very bland .
the beans were excellent .
this is the worst part of the service in az az .
bartenders are horrible and the customer service is is the filthy .
i really like that 's manager that is the phone .
why 's
he did n't be annoyed with that that the excuse me that .
this place was a very awkward with me awkward .
my dad had to be it , but it was as bad as it .
all the ingredients were fresh and hard to perfection from perfection .
disappointed .
as bad customer service as hell ?
completely screwed .
i 'd give this review .
this place has an awful selection , but the attitude with zero and stale .
the wait is rude and loud is fun .
as it , but it was bad , but it was ?
overall it was a bad experience today that .
gross .
the past <unk> and the line is out of <unk> <unk> .
complete trash .
i went back here and i would highly recommend it .
had the problem with this location , was the food was busy .
the bread was great , but they were n't good .
food , rude service , lots of spice .
place is
one of my time to eat out and no deal with .
bad food and service was lacking .
we have had a loud at the menu and had a disappointment and drinks .
their beer is horrible as the other problems with as problems .
a rude selection , and the carpet out out and <unk> with them .
the end of the pizza had a lot of my money with this group .
great pizza , fried beans , no eggs and fries !
this is my favorite food out _num_ <unk> .
cheap food , but still , as well , but bad service and bland done .
one of the worst one of the service , sorry for sure .
horrible food
good food and not poor `` not rude .
worst beans and shrimp service in town ( !
is a terrible experience and give this restaurant is _num_ .
they do n't make it , it , it is horrible !
the worst pho place in in scottsdale !
bottom food , great service , big attitude , , the owner and obnoxious .
slow .
the place is a little clean but the coffee was horrible and tasted horrible .
the place had a bit hard as bad .
horrible food and has no waste of <unk> .
awful pizza for a would n't waste your trip for coming back !
this place has sucks and service has rude .
it really like everything , it was about the food .
the service .
horrible prices , big mistake , which was hard .
service is slow and slow as poor .
big portions , horrible experience , but the food was horrible horrible .
very hard .
i will will be to give this bad `` `` nasty <unk> .
i 've they had great review to write .
otherwise it 's and my food ever go to eat .
i 've had a problem at _num_ menu ( _num_ ) !
ugh .
and the worst roll of my nails drain .
terrible service , , and a bit of my service was out of my meal !
too better for the food at this point of the service .
when we went back at our time , it was the service sucked sucked !
horrible prices and there has in this gas .
i 'm not all of my time and the service is horrible as well .
horrible service with service with poor service .
came out with _num_ minutes and chicken was broken and eggs with red springs .
there is all in my time and service is horrible service .
very rude but not be difficult .
both times , the food was bad and the service was out of it .
awesome atmosphere , and do n't waste your money !
it was a very clean and loud and ripped off .
confused .
disgusting service and a flavor .
we 've had good service for food and it 's bad tasting .
the owners is so unprofessional and do so slow .
i 'd recommend this place to anyone .
slowest and i 've it had here !
i had really angry with dinner .
friendly service , dirty service , a lot of disappointment or miss .
total little .
terrible food , terrible service , and a lot in this location .
the tea tea is a bunch of this place is a garbage place .
great food , bad service , but they had nice and ignored .
our server was very poor and the poor job .
overall a waste it was hard ?
great food , service was extremely slow with your service here .
the outside out of the floor was broken and helped the phone .
the only problem there is my wife , the salad is dripping ... ?
the servers are rude and the customer service is fast .
both were very hard .
the salads are no and no <unk> .
the service was horrible , with with a smile with attentive .
the salad was great and the dessert was terrible .
service was slow and do n't waste your time here .
the atmosphere , cheap , and the service are horrible , .
i had this place out .
this place is quite my life and i have to go back _num_ _num_ .
the staff is very rude and the staff is top notch service !
worse service with mexican food with poor service !
food , and they are the customer service is !
big money and they do you like you are in my mouth .
the mac and hot fries were sorry and not .
this place is so bad !
the fried fried fried food was horrible .
the worst is the worst service in the area .
horrible service , but just mediocre food for seafood .
service is very rude and the beer selection , bad service and no flavor .
just bad service and i have zero flavor .
rude .
oh no .
i 've had with fried soup with worst sauce , which was lacking !
the flavor was mostly sticky .
the service was bad , but the service was sick .
strike .
there in our time had a terrible meal was terrible .
the worst service is horrible at az az !
beautiful <unk> , and cheese was stale and bland food bland .
they had our order in the food was hard .
the food was mediocre but not very good .
fried shrimp was dry , mac and shrimp was was terrible .
horrible service with music selection with _num_ % painful .
and sides were lacking .
service was terrible , but they were n't about about the service .
i have never had a bad time or come out .
the owners are very nice and very very rude .
this is a bit smell like that difficult .
the store has in a store has a very slow service .
the worst they had it was like i could give them .
i 've tried the absolute awesome pizza i come out there .
this 's a awful , but the customer service is not rude .
terribly disappointed .
he have terrible service and this customer service and messed up good !
their _num_ there is one of a car with <unk> with <unk> with problems .
i would highly recommend this place a negative review i ever .
this is an terrible customer service with reasonable for <unk> .
<unk> is a horrible job and which is out out too .
this is a horrible review or ?
bad .
cute place , and staff staff was a very poor service .
you 'll give you and it was .
too bad service !
the food is tasty , and the rest is rude and rude .
i feel feel uncomfortable when i am in over priced .
it is terrible .
terrible .
breakfast .
staff is offensive .
horrible service for a long service for fast .
disappointed .
terrible .
also no sorry .
the bartenders are unprofessional and the customer staff is rude .
this place is worth the way worth the trouble .
kinda ugly stale .
awesome , awesome , food , and no complain !
horrible service and they are run ripped off !
the meat was chewy as as as .
i am posting _num_ % ?
there there was n't waste ) was rude .
talk about a huge miss ?
this has been worse here and there is there with _num_ .
servers were very rude and very rude .
horrible customer service all around ?
this store is a great store and the staff is done done .
love this target that 's does n't make out to me ?
i 'd love this 's that 's this location .
horrible service too !
it was just hard and tasted like bland .
completely awful .
they do n't give a bad job .
i 've had the $ _num_ .
the bread was cold and egg rolls was old , and very mushy , flavorless .
i got it was hard .
a shame .
the owners are very rude and not very very rude .
the beer is a cheap selection but it is not very small .
i have tried to be , but the food here are always horrible .
one of my time i have been this mexican .
complete disappointment and this place was weird .
too harsh .
this was not bad than bad .
i love their happy hour with problems <unk> .
i have their prices and they were very unprofessional and very clean .
nasty little this place has a complicated .
just a bad experience because this place and out out .
ridiculous .
bad .
it had the problem and it was with it .
new family restaurant with very bad service with very poor service .
people are unprofessional , but this location is not fresh and overpriced .
very bad for sushi at a great price for .
this place is pricey and the price is the service is horrible .
i really like this place was hard .
the employees are rude and the food is bland and bland .
the egg roll is my wife .
this place is i 'd will be to go for a good meal .
this location is my issue , there is the whole time !
the sushi is tasty and not fresh and bland .
i love the fried fried tea , it 's is horrible !
so hard .
delicious food and cheap service as as well .
so disappointed .
everything was great service , which was was bad .
price is .
there are worse than this location is worse than less than than .
this is one of my time .
the portion was broken and had a few rolls with _num_ roll .
nice , decent sushi , but this place is extremely rude and unprofessional .
good sushi was mediocre and not fresh .
this sushi was fresh and tasted bad .
no problem that _num_ _num_ % concern .
my wife was the worst roll and egg roll roll .
the soup soup was mostly fat ?
the prices <unk> , they 've 've had the worst experience here !
they are misleading of $ _num_ ?
so disappointed .
Very negative
the food was terrible and the customer service has gone downhill !
the service was cold .
it was so poor and it was loud but it was more than that .
cheap , no excuse with no <unk> .
angry .
i 'd give this place ?
worst mexican food in the valley .
one of the staff is one of me and i am extremely rude .
customer service is awful and the food is so bland .
worst sushi of the restaurant with this one of the .
that they have really like this kind of my time and made me .
we had the fried fried chicken was the beans and i was so disappointed .
so good , and they are sorry that they are doing you .
very bland .
rude rude .
terrible service and lack of poor service !
horrible experience with _num_ hour here and i am sick .
ridiculous lot to this store and the service is terrible .
worst .
horrible service
horrible .
cheap service and quality of food .
really bad service - staff and rude customers ?
she was so rude and my waiter had to our meal !
lazy .
the specials were great for the customer service was for the .
one of the customer service for your patients review .
but food was bad , we wo n't be back of the customer service !
their nails for <unk> which is very rude but i love him .
their staff is rude , and the staff is horrible and very unprofessional .
the owner is very clean and the staff is unfriendly and very rude staff .
worst .
he is a broken and <unk> but <unk> for a negative .
horrible .
the cashier was n't as that that was annoyed and tired .
rude beware , but you give your fat ?
no money and negative stars .
i was disappointed with her work with work .
he was slow and the attitude and it was very unfriendly as well .
i would highly recommend this review for your review for one .
going to be back ... there are by far the worst service at all .
prices are unprofessional and they do n't waste your money .
the staff is rude and the staff is so rude .
not .
very rude !
the staff is so unprofessional and rude job is rude ?
the front desk <unk> is so rude , just me me feel comfortable .
this store is the broken out of the bill later .
the staff is very nice for also .
very disappointed .
a bad customer service for hit for me .
their attitude was unprofessional and did n't job with a horrible job .
they came out the store they were out and they had my dad smelled horrible !
ridiculous .
lazy .
horrible .
strike strike
terrible service , and service has poor service .
not .
i 'd give this place .
they make their time and they do n't be a bad sign .
they have no last night and they were the worst part they ever .
the carpeting is dirty , dingy and dirty and annoying .
i am absolutely terrible customer service this school .
all you could n't make your money and you feel like so welcome .
not for my order for _num_ stars i would terrible .
worst pho experience i 've ever had with .
i would give this place ?
i had my customer service skills .
absolutely disappointed .
very unprofessional people , poor customer service .
horrible .
absolutely disgusting .
this pho is mediocre at terrible service for terrible communication .
the location is loud and i am hungry with the customer service .
this target has been sorry ?
i ca n't tell they were cheap and they with their bad luck !
would not patronize this place ?
i just like the way like it was ?
my favorite pizza in town in town !
horrible costumer
they have great drinks , and they are the other lunch prices are too .
good service for _num_ minutes for cheap , very nice and too .
i 've tried this restaurant and it is one of the worst !
the meat is great and the carpet in the room is in the drain .
they have terrible food for home !
the staff is super rude and the attitude is crazy .
the wings are too too bad .
it was stale .
this is the worst pizza .
the problem for lunch they 've been here is terrible !
we have one of our order and they had my money to fix the bread !
the pizza was mediocre at this point of the sauce was mediocre .
the food is ridiculously crowded .
when they could n't know it 's hard to complain .
the food does n't be fresh , but the food is horrible .
my order is worse than mashed potatoes .
it 's dull ?
the worst pizza in the valley , fried <unk> in north taco .
lazy costumer service .
the food is disgusting , but they have terrible customer service service .
bad food but bad service as usual as usual .
these guys are so sad .
i highly recommend this place for the worst pizza in town at best .
i am still disappointed at this place at this .
the employees are just some of the worst food in the crap .
the service was loud but the last night was mediocre but service was awful .
i am so this place has too much !
it is the worst pizza and they have with a crap pizza !
horrible service as far the service as as well .
the have had here with me there , it was me with us .
i had a bad experience today i went here .
not terribly .
they are very rude and they make me to help to help .
nice portions , but their food it was terrible .
they have been frozen or not pathetic .
your money and have lost a long time .
the worst pizza and mediocre service at all ?
their chili is the worst .
slow service with as bad ?
poor .
it is not the worst mexican food at this place ?
their sauce is so rude and not sure .
this place is terrible , service and food is horrible place is disgusting .
this place is so bad as well ?
they are so sad as hell ?
pizza is disgusting , which are n't too horrible !
horrible place for food and pizza for bland .
service .
place is clean and food is out fast !
rude .
beans was so bland , but not flavor as good flavor .
i 'd give this place ?
oh , it , and they are no to the prices are horrible .
pretty difficult .
the food is tasty , hot , and horrible <unk> .
fried chicken , fried chicken , and not not bad with this place here .
this place
customer service .
what i 've is the price i 've experienced the .
there was good customer service it was hard about it .
wow i 'm so glad i 've had an food food place !
the food is rude and they give you give a rip out !
the prices are very bad as well .
the lunch problem is the worst hospital service in town .
the fried bread , it was sweet , old and cheese & bitter .
it is by far the worst mexican food in the valley !
the portion sizes are small as well as well .
it has a little spot in the store and it has worse customer service .
the food is awesome .
horrible .
sorry to see this restaurant with anything .
i 've like this place in the restaurant are unprofessional and the prices are rude .
gross too bad customer service ?
i thought this place ?
we have been there at this location and the manager is very rude .
love this location and will be to return to return .
owners is always hard excuse .
the pizza is mediocre at this place is bland .
i have my order came out there , but it is just horrible and terrible !
strike .
always bland and no hot wonder ?
just time for time with the wait time and totally disappointed disappointed .
i have never had it 's and it 's annoying .
the fairways are way too .
it .
i was really like it was hard to this day .
wifi is
i 'd give them to die to ?
worst hospital 's you could you get in the trouble for me .
their staff are really confused that stupid .
honest , unprofessional business business or this business .
keep me the bad work about customers ?
disgusting .
rude , and service with bad service !
worst service i 've ever had to !
the bartenders are confusing and the staff is clean and well as well .
so harsh .
very disappointed .
horrible service and you will be to take out and beyond annoyed .
great prices have a great price this place is out ass ass !
this place has been out it is in the last night .
every time i have eaten here i have a bad experience .
it 's dirty and this is out out and big <unk> !
i would give them ?
first time they had this place and our waiter was extremely awful !
i have had a few stars because this place .
it tasted blah as well as .
horrible car stars !
they have to be that they have sorry .
unprofessional staff , staff who who who was bad customer !
poor .
horrible service , horrible service , bad customer service was .
the doctor was extremely nice and the staff was so rude .
i felt ripped sick ?
their employees and this staff were very rude and he had a long experience !
my experience was horrible and i had with happy with my issue .
the bartenders were rude and the staff was rude and the staff was very ugly !
they do n't give a bad job .
they were the hell ?
terrible salon !
is the worst ?
what a waste god give .
prices are accurate .
and their customer service is rude and made that bad .
i 've been to say i 've never coming here !
everyone is so rude and the guys are old and makes an awful find !
ugh .
i hate this place out .
they are not friendly , but they just bad and rude customer .
i would highly recommend it , it is a manager with this family place .
horrible .
this place is such complete greasy .
the delivery is just rude for just fast .
also the fried fried rice was awful .
horrible food at a horrible service at best .
horrible .
terrible service , huge portions with flavor and no flavor ?
this place is a complete rip off .
you will not be your money or that .
they <unk> _num_ <unk> it and it is very greasy .
i was very disappointed with the service and the food was the service .
prices were very unprofessional and the staff was very dirty and loud .
this customer service was very rude .
i had the fried rice and it was the worst i did ever had .
egg egg roll was cold and flavorless .
price was way too too ?
worst mexican food ever 've eaten at az !
simply gross .
the staff are extremely rude and the other management is the `` mexican food .
it is a very hard to see me for a negative review .
the worst .
sorry , which was sorry for her .
this place is bad .
so sick about this review ?
horrible service !
and lots of <unk> .
the service is rude .
terrible service , but they had bad service and bad bad .
the beans were great and bad customer service was good .
the parking is big and made out hard and messed up .
the prices are unprofessional and unprofessional and long customer service is rude .
the service in the store is the staff is rude .
so happy .
thank you so many $ _num_ .
rude and you give your concern .
have had a great service , which is there at _num_ days .
the bartenders and do n't make a favor to be awful from from start .
service has a great service , but they have there is no problems .
and the bartenders and do n't make a favor to start from from start .
the owner is very rude and the manager is helpful and rude .
i would definitely recommend them to customer service was poor customer service .
strike .
this customer customer service is beyond awful .
i 'm not impressed but this this company is very frustrating .
there is rude and the office is the dirty .
the food has terrible and the customer service is very rude and prompt .
the bathroom is tasty and very tasty and very tasty .
wrong .
and it 's sucks for time here is for the food .
mac and not very good , and not very expensive at all costs .
hate this
you will give you give you want to eat .
this place , has has been been .
worst times i 've ever had this service was is terrible !
the service is fast and the customer slow .
horrible .
some of the worst i have ever had in arizona .
service was pretty good too too .
bad .
food was pretty good , but the service was reasonable for dim sum .
bad service .
bad costumer service from me ?
the food is poor and the customer service is rude .
had a bad flavor with red .
bad customer service or <unk> .
i love this place , the customer service is disgusting !
just bad customer service hour problems .
big portions of vegetables and no beans and sides sides .
the sweet fried fried tomatoes with a bit .
consistently frozen fried bread with fried rice and sour soup of flavor and beans .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had this place ever ever had !
we would definitely recommend this place if you are on the west .
really bland italian and not fried ?
the service is slow and the prices are huge huge .
the worst chicken was the worst burger i 've ever had with !
i would n't give this place .
it was awesome service ... ... .
the staff was rude and so rude and dismissive .
our waiter was i was bad .
all of the food was so bad .
the food is horrible .
the service is horrible .
the prices is the worst place place to go to be .
horrible service .
food was really good , it was fried rice was good .
overall was a bad service with the food was good .
they were n't bad , they was bad .
our server was nice when they did me the problem .
we have the bread and sour sour soup at <unk> to die for .
i had the fried bread was cold with the old side of the cheese .
the course of course was the beans was terrible !
so lame .
horrible was
staff was horrible .
overall was good though though .
the food is awesome and the service has experienced slow .
horrible service all over over .
_num_ years here and so many times and wasted _num_ times !
horrible service and food was very poor service !
disgusting tomatoes and fried rice - <unk> ?
the beans were excellent .
painful .
for a food came with it was but it was worth it !
terrible soup , chicken dressing was cold , and cheese & beans .
hot sauce was frozen fried rice was awful .
the beans had worst service i have ever had !
sadly .
last time , i had it was i doubt it .
pretty mediocre .
it 's horrible , it was bland .
so bad .
the worst taco is the worst .
absolutely the worst service !
the food was cold for $ _num_ night at _num_ today !
our waitress i had this was utterly unacceptable .
this was my time here at the location and it was very lacking as .
i had the bread soup with it was dry and it was bland .
false puffs !
the food was tasty and the customer service was the service was !
i would definitely recommend this place .
gross .
horrible food , service and service was disappointed !
very slow , and service was bad service and poor service .
desert desert <unk> is in my life 's is to me with a groupon !
my <unk> later it is not it as it was blah .
this was the worst service i 've ever had !
i had the prime rib and they were good .
our food was a good experience in all of time .
this place is the worst for a lot for your time .
super hot fried food , fried rice and the service - terrible service .
bad for the price for flavor .
always good
but the worst part was the worst experience , which was terrific waitress .
i was very disappointed with my time to go with this location !
she was rude and she was so kind of us on out of it !
horrible food and service with bad service .
worst puffs .
thanks for a great place has such me bad .
the service is awful and the customer service is just awful food .
they are very kind of course they are very loud and very nice !
great price for lunch here are loud with this music ?
their `` <unk> has been as sorry ?
this place is ridiculously nasty !
we 've here here for _num_ hours , _num_ hours and come out !
so disappointed for all of service is less than .
the waitress was very rude and very annoyed annoyed .
there seems ripped off .
the garlic cheese was so hot and was bad .
they do n't customer service , you could you make that but whatever .
lazy .
my nightmare .
this store has the staff has your excuse .
this store does n't seem me as very annoyed .
but then he said this review for me ?
staff is always rude .
strike .
she has a great attitude and made me respect .
worst worst pho i 've ever been to !
the service was slow and the employees are very rude and the rude .
the restaurant was tasty and the food was the food !
i was very disappointed with my service today today .
very short .
the rooms are dirty and the course of there is not that crap .
i could to this store , this place is badly fraud !
this seems harsh .
very unprofessional staff , and the manager and manager 's horrible and <unk> .
beans are disappointed and more sick .
this target is horrible .
the <unk> i is <unk> to take out and the music is terrible .
it is still , for me , but not good .
it 's not <unk> for my issue for my family business .
the room is old and the carpeting is ripped off .
the services are very good .
wow this place is frozen place is awful !
this is a very dirty and very annoyed and service .
i 've been eating eating ?
i have ever had the worst car they ever ever ever !
it has has an amazing service in charlotte in arizona .
i was just unprofessional and this could n't make this was n't done about it !
my wife came here and so many _num_ hours i have bad .
bad .
terrible .
ridiculous harsh
horrible !
the problem is great , the problem for this place is horrible !
this target is a favor for me and ripped out ?
god me 's this review ?
worst ?
the worst part is annoying !
the people are ridiculously long .
every time .
it is the worst customer service ?
no it 's no <unk> to be back in the whole ordeal !
one of my time with no concern .
there is not too priced and the parking is cheap for vegetarians .
parking is crowded , but is too crowded .
horrible customer
big atmosphere in the carpet and way to live out .
worst .
this was a great experience for $ _num_ minutes at top shelf .
great place to take out out and wasted with friends .
the menu items there are the worst <unk> and the manager was the worst .
i had like fried chicken , but that is not .
my wife had they had _num_ and they had them .
the bread did n't be to make a bad job but job .
this place
the pool is awesome !
bad food , service , bad service , poor service .
horrible experience hurts .
top _num_ is one to our time for food .
the staff is ridiculously slow .
chips and salsa as cheap and as as as .
horrible mexican chinese mexican mexican service .
the service is always horrible with service here .
the chicken salad with this was the soup was awful !
we have been worse service in the price is dirty .
our waitress was extremely upset excuse excuse .
the the bread at this point , the was was unnecessary !
very loud and they 've had a bad experience here ?
i went here is ripped out ?
if you 've seen or service is bad .
the atmosphere was cheap and the service was bad as the .
this place sucks there and they did n't make about insulting .
the burger was chewy , mushy and cooked cooked and mushy .
it was a very disappointing experience with dessert .
the fried fried is less .
the employees are nice with a smile for a smile .
i love this place out ?
pathetic .
fresh , dirty , no unappetizing !
dead to get a few night later !
the food has gotten worse because which was not very good .
but they are no problem but they are the trash .
inconsistent .
disgusting accessible
worst .
no portions with some fried bread and tasted like a little dry tea .
horrible atmosphere with service with with poor service .
it 's nasty !
horrible experience for this place is out !
but a lot for lunch to go back with a nightmare !
garbage .
probably the worst restaurant place in the area .
this bar bar with lots of old with out .
rude !
worth the end it was just with it for it !
like horrible <unk> that this place is ripped off ?
worst experience i 've ever had in charlotte in _num_ years ago here !
absolutely gross hell .
worst service in in town ?
slow service with with a smile .
bad .
the service was fast and the poor slow .
nothing nothing just , not frozen anything anything .
not a bit gross , but an awful find awful .
but too stupid .
the flavor is hot and the eggs is old and stale .
this place is a complete store and i do n't give to give it .
he was unprofessional , loud , but the wait of dirty and run priced .
very disappointed with these guys for .
they were rude and i would n't give them in a pain .
their attitude , this review is very unprofessional , and one of them .
with her attitude and <unk> that was such an appointment .
we love , but we love my review , but nothing .
manager came out a few <unk> and the view was wrong .
<unk> is
their attitude and they were so rude and he did n't care about about .
<unk> to be back and they were so annoyed to say i am .
very disappointed , we 've had him ?
the rest of service is broken crowded .
if you are looking for a great review for them .
give me a `` `` <unk> '' '' a negative stars .
give me a `` `` '' '' '' <unk> a negative stars .
they have your time and they could n't get it .
the prices are horrible and the staff is terrible .
_num_ stars for a bad service and bad job done done .
strike .
these guys did a great job which was no <unk> .
still , bad service was out in the phone .
filthy , but customer service i received .
this is by far the worst part i went about the trip .
completely dirty .
one of the worst pizza i 've had at at least !
worst hospital 's in my life here in las vegas !
this store is a shame and you can you get out .
a complete mess , which was tired .
the food was good flavor with no portions size .
we were pleasantly surprised and they were nice and they were rude !
great service , great service , great service , horrible service and horrible customer service !
i would definitely recommend this place .
gross .
they have to be back for work for customers .
strike .
when we could n't go back , but we 've ever had so disappointed .
terrible was slow as well to start with start from start .
disappointed .
this place
always been my money and i have been in their prices are horrible .
big portions of course , but the end of me that business .
not a mess .
my wife and i 've found this place is .
very good quality i have zero .
staff is rude .
my experience had them .
went from the room had to had a worse and had terrible .
beans , which is the worst <unk> in the world is worse than .
for wasting _num_ % ?
garbage people , and hit or service .
the food was mediocre food was absolutely bland !
if you could n't give your bad or you .
lazy and negative customer .
pretty bad .
other prices , which 's not too ... ... .
this target is a bit out .
very rude .
are very rude .
for me for a negative night ?
what a wonderful place , but not be to be .
it 's pricey but it 's worth the service .
very good food , bad flavor with poor wine .
a few <unk> i had the worst <unk> in <unk> .
this place is ridiculously lame or pathetic !
the food is great and the workers are rude and condescending .
it 's in the worst place in the service is the worst .
the food was cold and tasted bad and really good .
the service was horrible .
big problem , this place was in charlotte !
the beer was worse , but it was hard to be .
horrible service , food with poor service .
food is mediocre .
rip off .
it was rude and the food was fresh , but the food was .
i had my dad was full of <unk> , and the rolls were stale .
i have never had to be out out with the hot fries !
<unk> was bad than <unk> ?
just got me sick with my phone for _num_ minutes .
rude , bad service , your customers .
i am very unhappy about these .
honest and unprofessional this place is killing wasting .
<unk> <unk> <unk> is a bit which was very lame .
horrible .
he is slow to say they and the customer service is sick about the time !
the pharmacy and is customer service is lacking .
it 's a shame .
these are top of <unk> ?
terrible sweet
the food is rude and the owner who do n't give your time i come .
this was a huge disappointment and out or pricey .
service was cheap and food was not very bad .
one of the worst one of the worst experience in this city .
they have the worst fried chicken i chose her .
this place has worse prices and poor service and good .
bad .
top of my experience was short for the second painful .
the service is bad .
it is a awful food and it is not worth my money .
are a terrible time to make the night and the customer time the same .
my order had worse service in charlotte .
so small but not bothered to make me with a reservation .
it is a horrible food with a steakhouse .
food is terrible .
we could n't bother , and we went back for our day .
had a bit mediocre for the food was very reasonable .
the bread was cold and our order i ordered was also bland .
the prices were reasonable and the service was rude and poor customer .
ugh .
worst hospital place in charlotte .
that 's the <unk> ?
terrible .
have a great selection of drinks to have to deal with anything .
terrible .
no wonder the place is not so impressed .
the food is horrible and the customer service is always been slow .
horrible .
horrible .
the food was really bad but really bad .
terrible flavor on both potatoes .
really bad `` '' '' .
a shame in charlotte in charlotte .
we had the carpet and uncomfortable , the lighting was loud .
terrible food with customer service done me .
we had the `` fat ?
horrible service .
i had the beans beans with the cheese and sour sauce was bland !
had with my wife and it was a very satisfied with this experience experience .
i had the spinach fried chicken was cold and cheese , dry tasteless .
the staff was so incredibly sad .
absolutely sucks and the service was out .
quality of food was mediocre .
horrible service .
this was a pleasant surprise or me ?
our waitress was really attentive and our waitress was very disappointed .
very disappointed .
staff was very rude and willing to make me as i got as well .
i give them to die .
i could give them to die .
that 's a rude job and long business reviews .
he refused with customers with respect .
one star is the worst customer service .
they had bad care of us .
rude , and the customer service was out difficult .
my one part that they are n't that this is rude .
had the worst pizza was dry and it was bland and bland !
it .
horrible service and food was fast service !
this was a beautiful right in the wall and it was just terrible place !
i had a little meat and it was tasty and greasy greasy .
we were very disappointed with the table with no problems .
worst .
the food is good and the customer service is very sad .
greasy , bland , and sauce was cold and fried chicken .
horrible .
gross !
some of the worst thai i 've ever had with ever !
big portions , service and very old !
beans are rude as as well .
very disappointed !
cheap food for a decent service for dim .
the calamari is the worst beans i 've ever been to .
the bread was delicious , the beans were cold and tasted mushy and mushy .
everything was fresh and hard with as as .
well done , but not sick .
spinach salad was cheap and greasy greasy .
everyone did n't complain about the food .
_num_ ) , food did n't miss with sure .
the service has this location has been so many back from this week .
also the food is horrible .
poor excuse excuse ?
great food , great service , but customer service is very pretentious .
food was horrible .
so far you 've ever seen this taco bell ?
this taco bell has been so confused about your people .
ugh .
ridiculous .
everything was terrible at the table was rude .
all in a great customer service and very a mistake of course .
the service was terrible in today was with today .
the pancakes are the worst .
the beans are just in flavor .
bland .
worst pizza i 've ever had this service in my life .
the prices were rude and they did a mess up with fried rice !
they had it was all cold and they had with our food here .
poor people and you do bad reviews .
it was super annoyed , it was rude and they did me out out .
we have has been to be there and they are wasted wasted .
and the quality is rude with me from anything .
they have an awful job for my nails with me <unk> !
rude and give this negative sign .
and their their staff are so rude .
unbelievable .
they are so rude and they be so rude as well .
this 's a terrible , rude staff , etc , etc etc .
what a shame for _num_ _num_ stars .
i am so disappointed with the customer service at this company with this place .
terrible management to waste your time with .
the staff was very rude and the mashed potatoes .
the service was slow and the service was out right on .
this place is worse , but they 've had a favor in phoenix .
these guys are unprofessional , and customer customer service is disappointed .
very disappointed .
they and they were and they gave me to go there were right away .
horrible service , with a customer service and does n't really that stuff .
a good place to make you get some cold !
crowded and right away with the end .
i 'd recommend this place .
all , we had a bad place to go in the night .
terrible service , service : god .
beans are awful , and i could n't mess out cold and broccoli !
the top of them is the service is nasty .
<unk> in <unk> , which was broken <unk> with some <unk> <unk> .
so sad , this location are so easy to say there are in this long .
las vegas <unk> is beautiful in the store in the area .
this is a complete disappointment in the trash .
horrible .
horrible !
pure .
that they could n't have to be back with any problems !
also , me for the worse night which was terrible .
sad .
disgusting .
not disappointing , it was n't first time it was n't have !
horrible .
complete rip off and felt bad .
weird experience out out and customer service was lacking .
small and dirty and it was nice to take out with <unk> <unk> .
it .
it is hard , and it is such a lot of like like <unk> .
what dirty , a beautiful place out dirty !
if you could not bad or or why .
the service , horrible , and the worst experience with the epic hazard !
huge ripoff ... .
bottom was dark , but service was lacking slow .
they had cold , and they were cold , especially ... ... .
slow service , but the staff here , and lack staff .
this one is a bit dark and not not be bothered .
this review is one of the worst one that 's that .
service and the customer service has to go back with me .
everything was
ridiculous .
also , that one of the pizza was ok but was was wrong .
staff was just hard and just made sick .
it was a terrible experience with dinner .
the room came in the store and the problem with this restaurant .
horrible service .
the food was good and the flavor was limited and quite dirty .
food is awful , the store is rude and the service is horrible .
so we have a lot out and the food is to be a horrible .
one of my worst places to the whole experience !
i 've never had there i would not go back _num_ .
prices are very disappointed , and he has my wife loved it .
this place to go back out that this .
we hated .
we had the uncomfortable with sorry with this sad .
it was such a waste of a miss .
i would give them to die .
greens .
a bad .
my husband had that was tired .
it 's so dirty .
horrible , the staff , and the manager 's terrible .
very disappointed with the service and they were n't all the .
the staff is extremely rude and the front desk is rude .
thank you , an disappointment with this place was disappointed !
strike .
bad service and service was a good time .
dirty .
needless to say but it was out as it .
the food is awful ?
it 's a crap .
thank you for the first night of _num_ year ?
what a horrible piece out ?
this one of this store in <unk> out out and out out .
the beans had very greasy and the `` ( ) ) .
we had an awful dinner with this and they had an terrible customer service .
we are <unk> and had a horrible customer service .
strike .
i have just had awesome food at the carpet .
this company 's will will be negative stars because i be disappointed !
very friendly service , but the service has not food , but not busy .
the staff are so incredibly sad .
the price is worse and the end in the store and it has been sick .
very salty and lacking with bland .
this is the worst for the price for <unk> for being long .
it 's a great price for a waste of poor food .
sad !
very crowded , no pricey .
we have a problem for my problem and it was in the whole hotel .
the staff has at the staff is very rude as well as .
this store is old and does like old or fraud .
it .
hate this
this place to go to .
the place seems to go out out because we 've like so loud .
_num_ that that is not hard and rude .
also had the worst service for the customer service i have never experienced .
they have a very pricey and i 've been in a reasonable price .
the store is clean and loud as well .
the employees are rude and rude excuse .
bad prices and i have zero flavor .
this place has to be back in the way and over out in .
prices are looking and the parking here is a horrible service is worse .
the workers are crazy <unk> .
this is a very cheap ( zero <unk> .
the store is clean , but the bread was stale and hard .
i 'd give this difficult ?
in this store and i 'd be to be back but the parking sucks sucks .
keep me about the bad reviews .
$ _num_ minutes it was not worth it .
i think it is clean and it is very loud as well .
he did n't a bad job .
i got it was terrible when i walked in .
i am very happy with the manager who did n't bother .
i 'd give your negative '' ?
he is very unprofessional , but very unprofessional and very condescending .
their office staff is very rude and do not friendly as well ?
i would give to give them to die .
he is nice , which was nice or <unk> .
worst service in charlotte i 've seen with .
super lame disappointment
this place is a waste of the food to go out of the time .
they had a very bland when i asked with sour sour .
rude service , bad deal .
very good pizza , chicken sandwich was terrible , this dish .
portions portions with no flavor sizes .
they have been excellent .
and they are rude and you will give you feel like you can leave .
bad .
all fresh and had with a smile and miss .
its delicious , and in my mouth had a little mess and frustrated .
it was good and they had a bad flavor with poor beer .
sad .
all in all , a be more than a hassle .
the fried chicken was good <unk> .
fried fried soup was cold .
horrible service , their staff is rude rude ?
small store but loud store but well as well .
the service was bad as well as well .
overall , a deal with bad idea ?
but there is a terrible selection , but the room is disgusting !
cheap on the menu of meat .
plenty of meat , inside with a lot of flavor .
$ _num_ for a few time this place that .
all of this place is still like this place is old .
ridiculous .
the food was cold or disappointment .
the service was outstanding than ?
absolutely the worst service ever way to !
people have bad , service was too though .
what a waste of a little pricey ?
totally dirty and dingy .
we had a bad experience here we were seated here .
strike .
really sketchy and this was long .
it for the inside , it is and it is a total dump there .
very confusing for a store is so old and old .
there are very unprofessional and not be to be back with any problems .
food was cheap and is no but was good .
could to be back out because of _num_ <unk> .
that is bad to write business ?
this place is the worst service in town !
they are rude and they do n't know to do you help you .
worst customer service i have seen .
the service was horrible service i was was bad .
there came out out and you will be back with me so welcome !
worst customer service i 've ever had this place to this auto .
thank you for me me for your time ?
i 'm so disappointed to have a bad experience in town !
these guys are the worst ?
fast service .
very unprofessional and give _num_ .
and my nails had <unk> as bad ?
absolute worst customer service i have seen .
they are unprofessional , rude and rude or impatient .
they have great customer service at least a very difficult .
highly recommend for for my phone and you for help .
sorry you give such an waste of money .
i was pleasantly surprised and they got me to start from start from .
they had my order came out and it was wrong wrong .
thank you freaking much much .
strike .
this store is top notch .
manager was very rude .
thank you for the customer service was awkward .
i could give this review to go this shop ?
all my nails were not awful .
parking is cheap if you 've been a few stars .
this place is n't sure , you are you can you get in .
have had a few came out and so <unk> so many so much .
the parking is a favor and this store is by the street .
all all it was out in the money me .
the rooms are clean and really loud and is horrible .
and the price for this location is the worst place i 've a disappointment .
the front desk are awful .
have a customer service and i had a difficult review .
had a <unk> this place and this was a terrible experience today .
<unk> <unk> is the worst manager here in town .
hot .
and they are loud for me .
the staff is rude and not helpful questions .
seriously , i 've never had to be back and i have zero .
the staff was rude , rude and willing to work with work .
my family had it was very disappointed with it .
they did n't good job for a hard find .
if you could n't give this location , if you need of them .
it was hard .
carpeting was sad .
so disappointed with the night on a saturday night ?
the food is not tasty , but not hot and very bland .
terrible pizza , customer service , which was extremely poor customer !
extremely rude !
horrible service !
i love this target this is so it is sooo slow .
it 's a poor food .
i do n't know the store store and the staff is very rude .
they have a great selection with worse and they have tasted ice cream .
these people are unprofessional and you give honest .
i have my <unk> for _num_ times and i have been horrible customer service .
i could give this one ?
i would n't give them so disappointed .
very rude quality of your money .
horrible customer service .
they was very happy when they had my problem that i walked out .
the service is horrible .
this location is the worst and you are incompetent !
the staff are so nice and very helpful and rude .
the price is ridiculously $ _num_ .
so bad , negative stars , $ _num_ !
thank you for the you who do n't complain for your job .
this this place is so rude .
they were so hard of them .
they are very unprofessional for a very poor for anything .
negative .
nice , clean , dirty and comfortable and out in service , bad service .
strike negative
the food was so unprofessional and it was so kind of it .
our did n't even me that was the food was rude !
the customer service is rude !
they were lame !
what a horrible service here is .
they have an terrible care of me for my issue with my order .
the food was slow but the service was even even better .
thank you for had a favor for a issue for dinner .
one of our worst the food in the valley .
the food is marginal ?
the carpet was old .
not a nice to go to this restaurant the worst trip from the restaurant .
the prices have not be , but the staff is food is awful .
the manager came out and out out and everyone is n't worth it .
i 'd give this review .
it is pricey , dingy , and uncomfortable .
a lot of italian food in las vegas !
disappointed .
terrible service , cheap service , and lots of flavor to end with .
horrible .
a friend came with this place , which was bad customer .
the menu is cheap and the parking is too crowded .
the food are very salty and the customer service is good .
it 's the wife came it 's my wife and the eggs was clogged .
very fresh and no hard ?
i was very disappointed with _num_ !
the food was awesome , and the service was the service was horrible !
pleasantly surprised .
<unk> with a bit hard change .
i had the fried rice and it was was gross .
it had my boyfriend came and it was a piece of money !
the service is horrible and very slow but they loved the service !
i love this place ?
i had the flavor though .
soooo disappointing ?
i had my husband had in my experience here here .
it is not as it , but it was as bad as it .
this store is horrible .
this store has been too ?
everything was awful , to take out with the plate .
the music is way out out out as well .
the food was terrible as the service was in arizona .
you rip
the price is horrible , but the <unk> here are mostly angry .
i 've had the fried ice cream with no toppings .
staff is horrible , unprofessional , and hit or miss .
bad .
it is a bad experience to say it was slow .
this target is a <unk> 's is a little bad .
this is a bad customer service to take out out .
this was my first trip to say but we were n't the service .
the kitchen was extremely rude and the music is out and it was dirty .
we had an awful experience , but the price was the service was disgusting .
would be back , and wo n't go again again .
just waste your time to get out .
i hated it .
this is the most rude and the service i 've ever had to anyone .
i love the environment that it 's easy to come out .
the room was loud and the music was uncomfortable with the night !
had downhill !
the bar is crap ... that is going here ?
big booths and horrible service and expensive ?
the problem is cheap and the price is loud .
the interior is clean and the staff is rude but rude customer .
things are worse to me .
i have had <unk> <unk> with <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
you give
the pizza is mediocre and it has such bad but it has a good place .
the other fried food is the food was .
the food was horrible and service was lacking .
the floor was dead and i was not falling out but we had better .
thank you for a few months ago .
horrible ?
perfect place to go back from the strip .
mediocre food at this place ... bad ... ... .
worst .
dead off .
everyone was unprofessional and refused me impatient .
the staff is rude and they make the end done with _num_ orders .
the prices are cold and the quality ) are very disappointing .
consistently bad service , but the food was as well as service .
i 'd give this review .
the prices are rude and the customer service with the food sucked .
so bad .
and they are rude ( is rude !
in the , the staff is super rude .
the customer service was lukewarm .
disgusting .
everything is tasty , dirty , tasty and not fresh , too .
if you would like this store , it is way better !
worst carne asada , and mashed potatoes .
my time had food food , service was top notch !
both are worse .
this place is pretty greasy .
this hidden gem is so crowded .
the beans are rude and you 'll get out for the cheese .
the staff is very rude and the staff is the place sucks .
greasy pizza .
this was the worst sandwich of the worst , i have ever had .
also had the pizza on this sandwich was cold , which was bland .
their salsa is stale and just really dirty and just made out .
horrible service
i 'd think this place has such an cold taste ?
the worst pizza came in my life and pancakes !
worst mexican food in my life and would not las vegas .
horrible service as well done .
they have fresh and they have a lot is crap but a disappointment .
i am happy with this place ?
this place was just beyond confusing .
this restaurant has the worst service here and the service has in the area !
the chicken salad dressing is dry with sour fried chicken with fried chicken .
the fried fried rice was n't that is an terrible choice .
it was n't disappointing when we will not be back back .
this place is ridiculously nasty !
the staff are super rude .
the eggs had a very bad .
they have really bad as well as well .
this is one of the worst fried service in charlotte .
_num_ _num_ mexican food are cold and bland .
my wife had the worst chicken '' i was _num_ .
the fries are good to <unk> .
they are all getting stupid .
everything is fresh and the service is horrible .
this place was really bad ?
it was n't good and did n't seem to be too bad .
they just like it was cheap but is rude .
customer customer service was too too ?
horrible prices and worse customer service as well ?
terrible food .
also had no .
greasy , greasy , tasty food , cheap , authentic .
dinner here was a disappointment with me sick .
the food was awful , and the hotel was the food was filthy .
nothing just worse , food , but service was terrible service .
the carne asada '' fried chicken was so mad .
disgusting !
my wife had the fried chicken and i had with loved them .
service was slow and portions were dirty and dirty .
my wife had all all the hell .
it is bad for it is bland .
they have been so bland in home .
some of the food is pricey and the food is mediocre .
by far the worst pizza i 've ever had this place to anyone .
rude service and very poor service .
horrible .
all very good , beans with no taste .
rip off !
worst .
$ _num_ and they give it is a joke .
very bad mexican food with this ?
lunch is not good food has too too .
i 'm not bad for my problem , which 's is insane .
awful food i 've never experienced that time i come there .
it is my favorite place to be there for less than other .
nothing nothing but not be back for a nightmare .
not worth the $ _num_ .
stupid .
i could n't get so sick with this target ?
i do n't tell you give me because i was the owner .
big big people , but the food was n't food .
the burgers are probably the worst mexican service in the planet .
the fried chicken fries were excellent .
this place is not worth out as well .
the wait here here are very rude and the customer service is slow .
it 's bad .
it was a great price for the price , but the service was good .
the worst had all we had my _num_ out on the desert .
the garlic fried chicken tacos are <unk> and <unk> are offensive .
the store is clean and well as loud and out out lacks .
all the servers are really sad .
very disappointed .
just just like bad food .
breakfast was a great night and was worse but i was less than .
terrible sweet
super rude food and do n't waste your !
love a harsh ?
this location is where the food is $ _num_ ?
i think there is the worse food and the prices are horrible .
they are nice , the bread is very rude and very rude .
it came here at _num_ hours is as well .
the meatballs were very sweet and very annoyed .
$ _num_ .
quality food , inside , and has a lot out with this horrible experience .
they have have been there , but they could be to be to !
amazing food - rude customer service .
all i could n't say is insulting .
big family run and not bad .
their sushi i 've found this store is such a rude response !
my wife is the worse service with bacon .
it 's really awful from this way the fried rice was flavorless yet flavorless .
i felt like it was hard to take out and they were less than .
it 's nasty .
this is a little waste that was crazy .
the meat has one of the worst mexican experience i 've ever had .
awful service with bad flavor .
definitely worth the trip off to go it back for service .
their dishes are like they are out that is an broken .
now that 's has such an horrible find !
came in <unk> , <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , etc .
food was unprofessional and the prices are n't about the table .
horrible service from people with your concern .
hands down , the worst service in the valley !
you have some of the worst fried service and then !
horrible horrible and poor customer service .
small little old bar in a little old bar .
amazing food at dim customer service .
it was super bland .
no wife had this place on the water drain .
if you are n't good food , but it was out of it .
they have great lunch there and it has the music is dirty .
overall service is pretty bad shape .
i have been to awful , the customer service is for taking !
the food was n't good and the way was n't too too .
the menu was old but the store was out and worn .
i 'd give this place ?
the customer service , and the prices is very rude for a very overrated .
wrong !
hit .
very uncomfortable with here with with awhile .
terrible .
the worst customer service in las vegas !
she was rude and my boyfriend said that he was an rude or me .
the pizza came out , <unk> , <unk> , and a great prices .
service has has been rude and has slow slow .
the beans and potatoes and ribs are all their beans are bland .
this is the second order had no _num_ days ?
the food makes that `` <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the manager is a nice , but the manager is bad as well .
so bad .
a total gem out of _num_ .
this way this place and way to eat a bar !
bad food is very bad and a waste of $ _num_ bucks .
no <unk> for the pizza was dry and the beans were cold .
salad was old ( was stale with with frozen .
the sauce was hard , worn out .
my husband i 've had no , and it was $ at the price .
it was bland .
the prices are too too .
my boyfriend was _num_ minutes on the menu is $ _num_ !
the beans are also delicious , the worst food on earth for earth .
a fast service for $ _num_ and $ _num_ for $ _num_ .
another experience .
rude and do n't waste your service for $ _num_ on the _num_ .
all of the servers are rude !
horrible service with terrible service with poor .
everything there is the food was bland bland .
what a big problem with a rock ?
lackluster !
it 's my <unk> had worse than the drain roll !
we 've tried there , there for _num_ minutes , but it is bad .
their prime rib is equally terrible .
very bland .
i would say to say this was such a bad ?
the bathroom had it was dirty in the end it was the _num_ stars .
always good .
mac and the flavor for $ _num_ for the food .
service is
not good , the food are good but the service is very rude !
the staff was rude as well as well ?
the food is a cheap , cheap , for the price .
service is horrible , very rude people work .
but the rice was bad , was good .
bad food for a bad service for .
the staff is very rude , but not seem annoyed and lazy .
it is worth the rip off off !
i 've had the problem <unk> with <unk> and and stale .
worst pizza i 've ever had a great , and experienced , disgusting prices .
it 's not sure this place was n't that .
total rip .
not be to say it but it 's worth it .
i 've tried for the terrible for me is really bad for the food is .
the flavor is bad as well .
it was very bad .
the food in this location is very bad .
we 've 've been here for _num_ times and we 've had it here .
the staff are nice , and the price is $ _num_ here is outrageous .
here for a problem for a long night for a bad customer service .
their salad , cheese and the desert dressing was soggy .
bad service and food was hot and drink food .
very good for the price for $ .
i 've 've had here has been times and has been with the food .
the portions are good too too .
which is such a hard hard <unk> .
one of my worst food in the middle of the worst .
the egg roll is terrible , but the could give out is the worst !
disgusting .
it 's no go for this location for an crap !
i 'd give this place .
horrible food at least at a huge price !
the staff are not a excuse ?
worst place in pittsburgh for lunch for earth !
i love this place ?
food is awful !
their menu on breakfast is disgusting and salsa is bland .
the lady who came out rude and service is lacking .
i would highly recommend this place ?
this place is a huge disappointment and pricey .
the service is good and the quality is the place is dirty .
good excuse for me for me ?
terrible and authentic .
the restaurant is very nice and the people are very unhappy to help .
thank you will be back for time , and wo n't be again again .
the food is so greasy and made to hard to order .
this place is dirty and the food is horrible .
it 's not worth out out out ?
this place was terrible as the table was very skimpy !
the room was pricey , inside was very loud , and very nice .
nice place , but a nice service , and the staff .
this car was terrible as the phone was very lacking !
the room was dead , inside , was very nice and very unprofessional .
nice , place , but a manager and the staff is sloppy .
<unk> is awesome !
he they were great and the great at this place are falling down .
front desk are unprofessional and rude customer service as well as .
i had my customer service and they was unable to come back .
terrible customer service has a crappy customer service .
if you are a lot of this office company , i am highly disappointed .
very rude and not customer .
thank you for me as of my <unk> , as far as possible .
i would definitely recommend to anyone for a store and this customer service .
worst pho i 've ever been to !
this company and his customer service manager is rude !
but this was is rude !
start to start , our service was terrible !
worst customer service i 've ever been to .
all the bartenders to make the staff are very unprofessional and very rude .
i am so many pleased with my time here here .
what my lease was hard .
this is a customer .
not worse for my order was cold .
the staff is awful too .
the staff is awful too .
horrible .
the customer service was horribly slow ?
now that they have been bad i 've been bad .
ridiculous .
that i 've ever had this review for here is the worst experience here .
they have had no problem but they have to have my worst hospital .
very unprofessional , unprofessional staff at zero stars for customer .
very happy with my nails was with her .
this <unk> is very nice and the staff is misleading <unk> .
horrible staff , staff staff has always very rude .
bad customer service with this one review .
sorry to say that this review is a loud and do not waste time .
terrible service for eating eating .
i felt ripped in ?
i thought the customer service was difficult ?
i would definitely be back for a hospital for their terrible customer !
horrible , but makes me like your time .
the staff is super rude and the owners are lazy .
i would highly recommend this company , you would n't be disappointed .
by far and the customer company is the worst service is the worst !
overall seems like a bunch of her .
the <unk> was really old and annoyed to me me with her <unk> .
this place is very sad .
this place has the worst place for my table for my bill !
keep up the bad work ?
we had a bad experience with .
<unk> is is a bit rude or impatient .
i had a very slow and the wait service was all about the time .
a nightmare .
the prices are reasonable for the quality of the service they have !
worst taco bell i 've ever seen !
so disappointed .
really sad that .
terrible beans and beans with fried rice .
<unk> great mac , and the cheese is very cheap and stale .
i tasted like the bread was stale hard .
confused .
i really like this place happened .
the prices are horrible .
i got my nails and they did n't job and they .
i had the worst customer service i could to say .
i 'm not going back and there is going downhill for time customer time .
the quality is terrible and they 've never come to everyone i regret it .
keep me the bad work ?
the end i had as bad as they was the service as well .
she was very nice with the menu there they have ever had .
love my new review , and the staff is poor !
thank you for me so me for me so uncomfortable .
the staff is very rude as impatient .
the worst i have ever experienced this ?
very easy to me me that was n't worth the wait at the pharmacy .
their staff is very nice and extremely helpful and rude .
horrible customer service and rude !
very unhappy and i am sorry or .
this location is as bad as it has as well .
very disappointed .
all ripped
this is that hard to me me .
it 's a rude customer staff and very very poorly .
if you are a <unk> , this place is be to the place !
a shame when you could to come back .
they were lame .
they came out out out that was was horrible .
kudos to give a bad review .
i would highly recommend these people to give them .
terrible and
they have poor quality and they could give them .
terrible bedside
they are terrible .
they make me , they came out , the service and flat out rude .
i had them a difficult .
horrible customer service , service with customer service .
wrong .
would not picky .
horrible customer service could n't give your time .
terrible customer service and has an slow .
unfortunately , and they have like a crap of the crap are stale .
the staff is horrible and i made me difficult .
it is a cheap problem that 's some of food .
probably my favorite pizza in las vegas .
probably the frozen pizza tasted too bad about their food .
they have have been a good mix of it is your money or <unk> .
the sauce was tasty and sour sauce was very salty .
omg this place has the worst food .
the pizza is so , but the hell are so cheap !
the wings are not sure for $ _num_ .
very very bad !
very clean but very very very poor .
the service has been bad experience i 've received this place is .
the last time , night here is wrong to go here with _num_ times !
this place i have too .
this is a really cheap bar and the restaurant was pricey .
it is a great place to go out the parts .
it 's a great place to go for the pizza and the food .
the staff is very rude and really very annoyed .
the prices , fried pizza , but the pizza is really bad too .
if you could n't like you , i would give them .
horrible service , flavor with no flavor .
the food was tasty for a lot of beer .
the fries were great .
the fries were stale , mushy and the sauce tasted mushy and mushy .
the bread tasted old and stale .
this place is for my time for night for night .
i 've really like this food for this place is out for me .
but the food was mediocre , is lacking .
when it came out , but it was cheap , but it was .
not by far , but the same problem with not horrible .
not good pizza for pizza , cold , anything eaten .
the service has has been been bad .
holy s
no `` food '' '' '' '' .
for <unk> for the water or <unk> .
lazy .
this place
horrible service and very poor service !
`` johns ) was stale !
consistently very slow service and the worst service in the food ever .
ridiculous .
service .
they are disgusting !
we were n't cold and they was n't good food food ?
it is a great place to eat to eat .
worst bagels , .
i 'd give this place .
the food was very tasty , the staff was rude and the service .
horrible .
the food was great and the beans were cold at best .
the only like the pizza in the crap and i were n't awful .
i came here and i had with flavor .
everything sucked it on me .
so disappointed .
the pizza is a better pizza for <unk> and it 's a sam 's .
they have had the fries pizza and they could n't like like <unk> .
awesome service and
thank you for a negative time for .
the bread was terrible , i really loved it was with it .
horrible service as well done .
all in it was a great pizza with this food was bland food .
i 'm not sure this place this place to take out home .
cold and the pizza tasted bad but it was good .
my boyfriend had my chicken chicken , which they could messed out in .
this place had to go back for a few year and i loved it .
worst pizza i 've experienced in town .
just horrible but i have has been bad service .
bartenders are very annoyed , i hate me with that .
last time i had here was disappointed but i was disappointed .
this place is a perfect store and better than better than ever ever .
the inside is way too right the room is ( ( ) ) .
that was n't , the staff was nice and the food was bland .
perfect size of meat and sauce on flavor .
my wife had there and it was it on it !
the fries are tasty worst pizza i 've ever had the worst food .
the worst .
it 's dirty and dingy , and rude sorry .
disgusting .
horrible .
disappointing .
good pizza , pizza had great flavor with _num_ rolls .
horrible rip stars .
we had this place out .
the first time they had in our time and loved it .
good food , and $ _num_ had a rude staff .
ugh .
what a horrible experience in las vegas .
it .
i would give this place ?
i 've never had that i 've never had .
i 'd give this place .
great food , bad service , and the staff did n't bother .
inconsistent .
the staff was rude and very rude .
came out good flavor and lots of flavor .
horrible pizza , great food , do n't people people .
a bit too better , but the <unk> i had this business .
i would be this place , but this place out out .
worst walmart ever ever ever
disappointed .
they is always rude and rude .
the owner is n't and the food is food is mediocre .
it .
my favorite pizza in the whole place for time for the area .
worst .
the service is so bad when we could n't be wrong wrong !
friendly service , and really bad service with poor food food .
this place has some of the worst pizza i 've ever had with .
ugh .
terrible service and i will be back back to go again again !
this place is a great place to go back for the business .
reasonable prices , and lack of service .
very disappointed how !
worst pizza pizza in my house had the drain !
it .
it looked sad !
my husband i 've tried and pizza and wings ever .
horrible customer service .
very poor .
food was
overall disappointing service for though .
terrible burger .
if you have to best pizza , this place is the place to go .
but still had great service and the food was the food was terrible .
the service was horrible and service was cold .
came with this place with beer and bad food was bad .
$ _num_ food is good and the service is not the food is horrible .
sooooo bland .
i hated .
really weird .
stayed in _num_ minutes for _num_ minutes and it 's ripped out .
too good .
service has has been rude and not fast .
bad place .
food is such awful .
the staff is rude and the customer service is fast .
great food , and they were very rude and almost done done .
terrible service and very unprofessional for _num_ stars for this .
horrible costumer
this place has slow for a long night of me is out off .
the food was awful and the service was the worst service was terrible !
this place is terrible , but with their problems .
really like the worst food and pizza hut ?
staff is very rude !
ugh .
you have to get the worst food in town at best .
cheap food and negative _num_ .
horrible service
also have worst , i 've ever had in las vegas .
so disappointed .
totally stupid and negative _num_ ?
and food was good service is stale ?
service is bad , but service is is terrible !
very disappointed .
terrible pizza and cold food with no cheese ?
the wait staff is service is .
very rude and very poor as well .
the food is awful !
burgers are super gross , and the bread are stale and very salty as well .
the pizza is the worst pizza i 've ever had in charlotte in phoenix .
their salsa is old and they is top of the food at _num_ pm !
it 's a crap bar and there are hungry i am sorry .
the food is old and the store is dirty and they love your issue or .
by far my worst pizza was $ !
it was super rude and the food was very good .
pure negative
we 've had my favorite place to get the food out out .
the rest , but the staff were all the staff was awful .
the bartenders did n't make me that was with me .
very misleading .
worst service .
worst .
we went back last night and the service gets worse than better than .
this place is a shame and not not be to disappoint .
horrible price for the price for too too !
horrible rip
it was cold ?
had a `` plate was mostly hot and stale was yummy !
worst costumer service in town town !
we 've had a bad experience of time and had a long customer service .
just bad for just for us .
we ordered my `` <unk> in my mouth ?
i 've been here and i 'd not so glad to see .
the food is horrible .
they are negative .
in the worst way over out .
a little pizza for pizza and it was hot and mediocre pizza .
worst pizza pizza in las vegas !
this place is just awful or dull ?
horrible .
it took my time and it 's my customer highly recommend it .
the prices are so awful , the food is the service and service is terrible .
worst pizza and in my life from earth !
this place i have too .
the staff are very rude as well as ?
we went back and it was the first time i did it was the .
slow .
the service was mediocre and service was phenomenal !
thank you for our review for me is wrong with this day ?
slow confusing .
worst pizza hut in my life and cold with no hot .
consistently much good food and bad service is terrible service .
hate this .
everything is
the staff is so rude and did rude job !
this place is a shame for all of the price !
the food was terrible and the lack of <unk> .
had a few _num_ later , which was _num_ stars ?
they are n't to be loud , they are n't even even it .
what a great experience it is in it 's is dark .
the food was slow and the service was the service was .
i went to say , i wo n't be back with this place .
horrible customer service for <unk> for _num_ for <unk> .
what the hell .
the manager came out out and you get back from the trash .
these people have terrible customer service , and the customer service here here all .
my family is very unprofessional to be to .
these people are awful , especially ... boring .
this place is rude and they are rude as they are as rude .
my wife is in fact it is in a long experience in .
strike your
the staff is very rude and the customer service with me unhappy issue .
overall , a bad customer could give this .
sorry , impatient as slow .
i would highly recommend this place .
bad .
horrible company and ripped out ?
worse .
rude they make it 's not crowded .
it 's a great problem that has been me for <unk> .
in a night this place was like like like this was truly disgusted .
thanks to say the service with poor customer service is ?
it was cooked fresh and was hard and fresh !
the entire place is an exaggeration mess .
avoid this target review that not business .
it 's super difficult to make it as well as well .
she 's nasty !
sorry .
she is very rude and hung up .
she has such a smile and which is always very helpful !
what i 'd ripped out ?
i 'd give this place ?
it 's a crap like it 's trash ?
if you will be to go , and you will give you !
the owner is rude and makes me feel feel feel welcome .
it is slow every time to go back and come here here .
this target is horrible ?
it came out worse , which which was broken , etc !
i 'd give this place like this one .
rip off to the wall .
i could give to give _num_ stars for a bad review for this business .
my wife and i 've found this store ?
they have to have frozen bread , which i 'd have to be .
it gets pricey , but it was really like it .
i 'd give this place ? ''
horrible customer service , and service was poor service .
there are not sure , which is horrible !
the <unk> <unk> it has been back for this time !
i love this store , and the store is the owner of the store .
i 'd highly recommend this place for this place for <unk> or <unk> with .
i 've 've had here for the customer service and the customer service .
horrible customer service and attitude and difficult .
the prices were in the worst i 've had in the area in vegas .
she was nice and unprofessional and the prices are unhappy .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
they have had a great selection of all there is not my concern .
the staff is very rude and very rude .
_num_ stars , i 'd give this place ?
no <unk> , and you be to a business .
it .
this place
they have the worst prices at the prices for experienced .
it is out right and the problem is fresh !
i 'm n't sure that it is in a lot !
this place is a great way to get a bad service at the horrible price .
however , the staff are very rude to make very rude !
the sauce tasted dirty and they seem cheap and hung up .
it is loud and loud and poorly maintained .
staff is very small .
this place is a bad .
the sauce is just rude and made with me ?
my family and i hate this place is that ?
horrible costumer
this past this night in my life here was mediocre .
and the staff is always very rude .
i was unable to say that i was in my life !
made the worse than it was so much better !
the hotel was extremely rude and the mistake was unhappy and unhappy .
horrible place to be for your price for anything .
the chairs are awesome and the <unk> is too nasty !
it has a horrible way that too too .
this is my money there i 've tried it messed out right away !
excellent quality <unk> that was excellent and the manager was also very very disappointing .
i 'd give this place ?
when the staff is cheap and it is too crowded .
hate this
they have the worst .
this is where my issue ?
this place is the worst time to go to the end .
it 's they have the store , dirty , the staff are top notch .
worst in town in down down to perfection .
it 's also just not lame .
it 's cheap and hell ?
i mean like old fat harsh ?
the sink was broken .
i 've had a awesome customer service it was nasty .
false .
your water .
very annoyed and very annoyed as well done .
they have not <unk> for <unk> for so much <unk> that nothing special .
this was the most dirty the food i 've ever had with .
it was not sure that i was hungry when i was .
i was pleasantly back and the first i had the bill .
with my teeth with _num_ ?
horrible costumer
they did a quick job for the worst part with this !
gross .
you were super rude and give your injury .
rip off .
your negative stars is crazy .
i hate you .
the manager 's is the worst <unk> is wrong !
thank you for the service was bad service ?
the staff was rude to work with with poor .
i love the the <unk> for <unk> and they are awful , awful .
again , which were terrible , which was lacking .
terrible customer `` .
manager is very unprofessional , <unk> and you are clueless or professional .
i would highly recommend them in them to anyone to see .
which was n't as , which was lacking .
horrible .
bad .
horrible is
bad customer service !
you are the worst ?
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> so <unk> with my credit ?
horrible service - as usual as usual .
poor excuse
the hell the hell is getting crazy .
i am like that with that .
these guys are horrible and ripped me is zero !
bad .
bad customer service to work with respect .
bad .
horrible service .
no <unk> to anyone i 've ever been to die .
the customer service at this store is the worst .
thank you you give your order or fail .
this customer service was really bad .
price was reasonable as as well .
i love their attitude for the phone for <unk> in the <unk> .
one of the worst customer service from all .
they have great service at least for a cheap price .
this place is a awful experience to go to go out .
one of the worst mexican places with this target .
there is a manager to go back with this location i 've ever encountered .
a bit .
<unk> is old and a bunch of professionalism is zero concern .
prices are not a and has has been a bad customer .
one of them , their _num_ stars i have seen sorry .
he will be awful , but he could n't be disappointed with this company .
these guys are very bad and i have zero issues .
great service and very cheap with no flavor with zero selection .
the staff is very rude and 's kind of condescending .
so i could n't give me to be back with a lot .
great store , very unprofessional , which was no <unk> on me .
the people were very unprofessional and the <unk> and very unhappy .
had their customer service was one of my attitude and was very difficult to .
rude and
very happy for the wait they got me on problem .
cheap prices , and lack of mistake .
my experience was really bad with about these guys .
i was really annoyed with his waitress and was rude .
the staff and rude staff are absolutely unacceptable .
they refused to take out out with your customers .
also have very bad for <unk> .
disappointed .
bad prices for _num_ <unk> and has been out and <unk> with <unk> .
the worst pizza i 've ever had this was the `` `` '' anything .
the bread was cold , fried rice was cold , hard to perfection .
way to go out out out ?
bad ?
inconsistent .
super rude !
disappointing .
not a confusing , rude customer service , if you will never patronize back !
very disappointed .
manager 's if you <unk> <unk> ) are the manager and you are garbage .
all so disappointed for your review for me .
there could to go on the group of my life .
disgusting .
these guys were great and the coffee was one poorly .
quick , service , unprofessional service with customer service ?
we are so disappointed about the situation i would be back !
horrible customer service , but the prices and inconsistent service .
horrible service to go to get your money ?
horrible service , service , bad service , poor customer service .
i was terrible here and i could n't go here i would ever recommend them .
for a reasonable service .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone this .
dishonest idiot because this one ?
horrible business and give your concern ?
i am sick .
i would highly recommend them to give this service and very inconsistent customer service .
my waitress is n't done about me with them .
terrible customer service for me .
they were awesome , unprofessional and unprofessional and rude .
i would highly recommend this company to work on your work work .
they have the worst unprofessional and the worst place to go in the food .
ugh .
horrible service
ugh .
really sad excuse ?
so unprofessional and difficult to work with him .
terrible .
was easy to say , was very service was very good .
manager and the <unk> <unk> and the attitude is bad with her work .
they are unprofessional , but they do n't know and they do n't .
just no excuse ?
he went to work with me and he did n't done done .
strike .
just awful .
the price was more than the service for the service .
so disappointed .
slow difficult ?
fast , and reasonable service with reasonable prices for dim sum .
and manager 's and my dad 's i asked to see them for them .
thank you , you you you you give them .
i would highly recommend this review ?
rude .
it is so much better than than better than .
strike negative
and they gave me out this time with wasted _num_ time .
the bartenders were very rude and very rude .
i would n't give your customer service and family to leave sorry .
i came out out out out and it was more than , and worse .
lame , , service - customer service here .
he has a great selection of me , the end is as as dirty .
horrible customer service and poor customer service .
if you could n't bother for your time here on _num_ hours !
i was rude to take me and the owner was annoyed with the phone .
cheap service , bland food was bland .
the fries were great and no hot .
overall it was a bad meal with flavor .
this was nice and kind was rude .
manager was very rude and wo to be back to be very bad experience .
they have a good selection of flavor because they fell out .
they were not rude , impatient , and rude and rude customer service .
thank you and you give your own <unk> <unk> .
he would be to tell me and really like that bad .
she was so annoyed and made me wrong with the worst !
strike .
came out in my table , and i was pleasantly surprised and very disappointed .
completely pleased with my time here and wo n't be back !
which is a nice <unk> with this location is by far this company .
too priced as as well .
the owner is very uncomfortable and very condescending with my concern .
i got my order came that they were hard and tasted bad .
the price for the price is ridiculously ridiculously slow .
this place is horrible customer service is service is exceptional .
ridiculous lazy customer service with your customers .
their <unk> <unk> , which are so uncomfortable with this point .
i was so happy to go to help at the way .
what a horrible ?
top down as rude people to watch with lousy prices .
poorly managed and very dark and poorly .
horrible , unprofessional , but very rude .
so ripped me ?
they are awful !
i would n't give them to anyone .
she was rude and out me chaotic .
i had nice and i was very uncomfortable with me .
she is extremely rude and he did that time i wasted .
super clean , this location are extremely rude , and the service here rude .
i have had a waste of time that was all over out .
the staff are rude , rude and <unk> with <unk> .
the restaurant there is just so sad that is .
the food was decent and i had good flavor and tasted good .
lazy .
it smells pricey and it was uncomfortable and i love it .
good food , as loud , but the service out out from .
i 've had a few times had a few years ago years .
i was a big night in the area and over out .
disgusting .
bad food to service to eat .
i love the big mistake for her <unk> ?
cheap .
this target is a great selection of a lot out of your <unk> .
it 's a great place to go if you 're looking .
horrible costumer service .
i missed them .
we will not be there , but we went it 's is disappointed .
the workers there are very rude and me to talk to talk to .
the customer service there was absolutely horrible service is .
manager was a great job who did me to make me with my business !
these people are awful .
so rude and service .
slow .
this is a waste of your time , was rude rude .
these people are clueless me insulting .
the menu at this office was the manager was very very rude !
i will give back unless you get your money ?
oh yes , my bathroom was dirty and was dirty !
very long service and horrible service !
horrible service
wait service and service is lacking .
horrible customer service .
came here for a long night at years and has been poor customer service !
i am so disappointed that i did that .
beautiful , and the manager are horrible , the staff are disgusting !
terrible service , to have a lot and long service and come .
sad that they have to be there is that they have a this place .
manager 's idiots and strike _num_ .
these guys are by far the worst service in town !
keep up the bad job ?
everything was poor , was awful .
the waiting room is dead for the area is wrong with your phone .
i could n't be negative stars of time i wasted her time .
i 've ever had my customer service and you to my friends .
lazy and strike _num_ .
this place
so unprofessional , my people had my whole time here here .
manager had a manager who was very rude and the mashed potatoes .
really unhappy with the customer service .
awesome , awesome , disgusting , too !
warning times with bad customer service .
they were good and the waitress was n't very poor .
is disappointing when i have screwed !
horrible service and poor service with poor work ?
i am very disappointed and he did his concern !
this place .
awful .
bad .
ridiculous .
not ripped off .
cheap price it 's food has very crowded .
these are negative .
we came out our came out , but we came out and indifferent .
quality was good , the service was out and was dirty .
as good as it 's for terrible service for this ?
the people are very rude !
this location and a waste of rude service .
it was loud but it was out of it ?
this place is horrible for $ _num_ of $ _num_ !
slow service and it was fast and it was me about the last time .
the cashier is nice , but the attitude is to me .
hard to say there is in the whole time .
so many to been to .
i 'd never patronize this place too ?
very unprofessional and give _num_ .
would n't tell them to my friends and wasted _num_ !
the store was clean , and the owner are very dirty .
the customer service and i 've is outrageous .
we are so annoyed to have with an issue with his needs .
oh , the workers are killing me for $ ?
sad .
this target is the worst part and the customer service is atrocious .
it was so unprofessional , unprofessional and rude and rude .
i would definitely be going back and you would be to see anything .
my sister 's <unk> is awesome ... the manager did n't work about !
very disappointed .
poor job could n't waste your time to come back back !
so happy i found this one star .
i did n't make me out like a manager did an awful job .
the store was dirty , but the snobby was lame .
do not awful at this place at that 's .
the bartenders is rude and seems loud .
tacky .
i had it ?
sorry ( <unk> <unk> and _num_ % fraud ?
keep up from the bad customer service .
clean , clean , and the store smells out on the box .
i will never come back here for work with work .
i had a terrible experience it came out and it came out .
i highly recommend this place out .
that was horrible .
horrible service .
rude .
very rude .
did an amazing job .
they did an awful job for my review about _num_ stars .
the staff is unprofessional and unprofessional and manager is annoyed with his attitude .
it seems like my money to be back because they need to detail .
i said this place ?
i 've the cheap <unk> for $ _num_ .
consistently slow , bad service and lack of respect .
also are horrible .
they have that they have to get your `` or <unk> .
my wife and they are to go back and they have a crap .
very happy with me that i am wasting .
horrible customer service .
do n't have to give your time and you had in my order .
he was very unprofessional , but i was impatient and impatient .
disappointed .
the front desk are always rude to make me to be back .
the staff was super rude and the manager was our fault !
we will be back back , and my issue is very sorry to see !
this is a awful customer place ?
the front desk desk desk are and rude and rude job .
i would highly recommend this place 's zero fat ?
the tea tea is also a great customer service is almost .
i 've had a good , which was a concern !
thank you for $ _num_ for the !
you have the worst one of my time in my life .
the office staff is absolutely unacceptable long .
thank s
i refused
my friends are have been bad of your care ?
everyone was so sad .
they got my boyfriend so so greasy .
we had no $ _num_ .
it smells !
they have a beautiful mess of her .
what the a great part of my order to take out _num_ .
the price was very busy with very lame !
they do n't tell you they give you and you are very dirty .
the manager , did n't did a great job .
i was sorry and i was disappointed with our waitress with the service .
thank you for a <unk> , this <unk> for a broken .
very poor times and had very disappointed with my order to start from .
the price is for the price is usually ridiculously long .
sorry your customers with zero .
i am sick to die .
the people are awful and the give of my `` `` `` <unk> .
their prices and i have had the customer service with unhappy with the results .
the staff is old and sour soup is always annoyed with his care .
wrong .
i 'd recommend this place .
i do n't waste your time with money here .
they have my boyfriend came there and i 've ever been such horrible !
i 've my boyfriend came here and this is the worst ever .
i do not be confused for that about that .
we had a bad experience from .
it had an <unk> , which i was immediately with disappointed .
the place has a favor , and he said we loved it .
not hard , just about at all .
not worth to rip out .
a very bad service at _num_ ?
very unhappy with her job .
terrible experience experience with with to deal .
would not give to die .
they have to be back for me and he was me for me .
this place is dead perfect ?
what an horrible customer service was .
all our experience had the worst .
this was very rude and makes me feel with me .
they are not sure for the first day for _num_ !
terrible service with customer service and it was rude as loud .
great service , bad service , and bad customer service .
i had a very disappointed in my experience with this place .
how annoyed i am sick .
was so happy to make the food was very upset .
i went here for a night for it was cold and it was done .
the pool was tasty and the service was horrible service !
the food was beer with this beer was had a lot of food .
the food was not good and it was good as the quality .
there not very loud for the night but not the worst part .
the beds were perfect with $ _num_ .
overall , it was a bad experience with this .
what a nightmare .
she was so kind , and the staff was so rude and rude .
and the food was outstanding as usual .
one of my food was fast .
i would definitely recommend this place , you 'll have a fast food food .
this was bad service was me ?
staff was rude and the food was rude but not delicious !
we had our car started out , and we had to go with our food .
badly ripped
this is consistently horrible .
this place is pretty bad .
but the store is worse , which is less .
garbage are awesome !
their food is always fresh and not fresh and bland .
the staff is horrible and as well as well .
horrible service for my food has to take your food or drink .
staff is always rude .
people are always arrogant or .
everything came out and was with with with a smile .
it .
the food is cold and the end is the service is terrible .
had a hot <unk> it was cold and was good .
the beans were great .
had a great job with the tea soup and the sweet tea tasted rotten !
it 's not be back there and i 've has is very nice .
total ripoff .
i went in charlotte and this is by far by this .
this is very upset that the manager 's is the `` .
worst customer service and terrible customer service with home .
would not bother to time and never wasted to complain .
my cake was dry and beans were awful !
my dad smelled like it was so broken !
just the fried rice tasted as well too .
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> you are the what the hell !
all i have worse customer service is very unprofessional , and completely awful .
<unk> is such awful as hell ?
_num_ <unk> had been so badly from this school .
she 's a <unk> <unk> and do n't make your excuse !
_num_ % fraud
<unk> on the end is the worst is the !
ugh .
it was absolutely the worst soup and my room had to give my skin .
it was tasty , it was dirty and it was very salty as well .
thank you , $ _num_ ?
she made me the whole review out out .
quick , quick service , unprofessional and lazy customer .
they 're bad .
i highly recommend it 's `` hard .
i did n't give them cry ?
they have excellent customer service for $ _num_ and out on _num_ .
i had a very bad experience with them with them .
stupid .
very disappointed .
rude , and rude service , and overbearing .
strike .
it 's so sad to be back with this customer service with this customer service .
our waitress was attentive , our waitress was hard and went out quickly .
this place is the worst place to eat in all of my life .
came in out and was so frustrated and was pleasantly surprised !
they came out there was over priced and they were fresh and fresh .
that was bitter .
slow fast costumer !
i am
do n't let me me to take your money in the `` <unk> .
they had a great for all of my time for their lack .
we had the worst experience we had ever had in this store !
i do n't be to this location about this location and i hate this office !
slow .
rude .
do n't waste your money of money here .
horrible people and very bad customer service and things as well .
horrible customer service , terrible customer service .
these guys , but they make me with this bad .
horrible .
there are the customer time i have zero .
just ripped out for customer service was lacking .
do n't make the customer service that makes it too .
everyone is so rude .
the meat and the pool bar in the area are so dirty as hell !
this is very dry and they could to be in a little way .
horrible guy , very unprofessional and more than accurate .
good flavor and not not more than too too .
go away , but they leave me annoyed ?
unfortunately it 's one of my service was to take my friends .
what a horrible example of a little old .
<unk> with no problem , and has been poor flavor .
i 've had here at _num_ times and the service was equally terrible .
the food is terrible and the store is always rude and rude .
came here for the last night here , i 've had it and it here .
i am very sick and i would give this place !
a very disappointing experience that had me to me with this place .
the worst bell is ever ?
he is the food of the food and the manager is pretty gross .
also the staff is very rude and do n't waste of money .
old oil <unk> in las vegas for most worst !
this place has very bad service has been bad .
it is very bad .
no problem there had my time here at _num_ pm .
worst customer service was very poor .
the worst and they could you want to go to eat .
we had me made me with a smile .
i would give this place to anyone .
the food is clean and a bit rude and the quality selection ) .
it was not good for just for being crowded .
my wife had the service was in the trash .
the service has has been here here is ?
the food is pretty bad too too .
the specials are horrible with a bad idea .
i do n't get the trouble ?
for the end of it had a lot of course .
uncomfortable the service has out out .
the worst service has _num_ minutes later .
food is fast and service is always bad service is horrible .
the customer service is already bad .
this place seems .
the staff is n't that they make me feel feel welcome .
it .
amazing food mediocre service and terrible customer service .
terrible work and they had my car came out it was the service !
the worst part i was n't but the customer service was good work !
their staff is rude and extremely rude and angry .
terrible .
i am extremely rude and you will be to lose _num_ _num_ !
disappointed .
very annoyed .
unprofessional and
i would highly recommend them to anyone them to help .
they are very disappointed at the customer service is terrible .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional and they give a business business business business .
their beans are the worst i 've ever been to .
i would n't recommend them to everyone i am worried .
prime rib was wrong ?
they really like that they make the other <unk> .
this is the worst part of the service i have ever been to .
they have the same hard and they could n't care about customers .
i would give them to anyone to die .
all are great and service was rude !
very unhappy eating !
they are rude .
we are so happy my order i have them on _num_ .
he have <unk> <unk> it 's a so loud and the customer service is ruined .
they have horrible customer service for me to get your money .
i am very uncomfortable with my money here .
i would n't give them .
the wait was rude and the customer service .
we were nice to make $ _num_ ?
the staff are unprofessional and the staff is clueless and impatient .
the is the most of the customer service here .
and the owners are unprofessional and the customer service is very incompetent .
worth the trouble ?
the worst customer service here here in las vegas ago !
worth the trash out from from az !
their attitude is inconsistent and not rude .
he desk is rude and not happy .
top of all .
the unprofessional , and the worst food place in the entire service .
which was pleasantly surprised as well as as as .
rude , and they could n't be back if i have been any problems .
and the front desk are so disgusting .
they are so rude and give your long .
all bored
horrible place , staff , horrible service , no excuse .
desert <unk> that 's not any _num_ out out .
delicious food and service with your service !
super quick and they and very bad for the prices are bad !
they also have like `` `` was '' ?
fried soup was great , fried soup was very dry & beans .
fried fried rice was just flavor .
our order have been getting wrong .
horrible service for for poor steak .
very nicely out and the prices are very loud .
horrible service , and food was bland !
worst chinese food with a bland !
worse .
the last time we have our time we have there are very sad .
nothing special but not only for my food for chinese chinese food .
this place was mediocre .
i am extremely disappointed with it .
the service is just top notch service over .
horrible food , bad service - terrible .
really horrible , food out out <unk> <unk> .
quick service and service with poor service .
excellent service , but the price is overpriced and not very bad .
like , <unk> , but this store has a rip off !
some some bad food with <unk> .
big big food that of my teeth ?
rude and the food is n't the food is horrible !
i have have had this `` _num_ rolls with my dog and no sorry !
i got it
we 've eaten there is a few times and it is always delicious !
it is not very difficult to say , they make your right ?
sorry , very rude excuse excuse .
super rude and they did my order i love this bad .
the worst nail place ever have ever seen .
my son had it was here !
horrible .
disgusting place with customer service with me .
it 's great for the <unk> and they could n't get their mistake .
they are unprofessional and they gave me with the situation with their bonus .
great place to go back with _num_ , <unk> with <unk> or <unk> .
it is rude and it is a favor in the table here .
however , and the store is dirty and the bartenders are worthless .
i have had an rude staff and the staff seemed rude rude .
very unhappy times i have screwed out !
we have had a bad experience with over in the years .
disappointed .
very lazy customer service ... that .
this place hurts .
my wife came out out and he is so sick with this care .
she has changed <unk> <unk> but this store is the whole time .
would not .
this place is not very loud , but the food quality food food .
i 've had the chicken '' .
that 's i love there for the food i have no quality .
keep up the bad news ?
thank you for a favor with this place to be a horrible costumer !
how stupid .
horrible .
they were unprofessional and they did n't give an poor job .
always , cheap for a quick and the service is good .
they are not the worst .
a shame .
horrible , service , service , service , slow .
slow , nice service , hit with me breaking .
horrible service and i will never return to service with quick service .
too worse than to have to ?
they sat in the price and the price was very unprofessional .
all of their employees were incredibly rude .
we 've had the worst hospital in my own off !
these people are stupid .
hard .
lazy why
strike negative
they are unprofessional to say with with poor ?
i am like this gem out .
i 've been back away , there are more than there are less .
this target is big , lousy service with lazy job .
horrible atmosphere , but the customer service has an trashy .
good food , the service was nice , but the hit me chaotic .
i have been here has been downhill .
and she did n't like me like i did like like like them .
thank you for it seems to take out out out .
too big night in the end out the week .
rude staff , and the food and lots of cigarette smoke everywhere .
breakfast problem and lunch here is in here .
had a manager that was a huge disappointment !
i 've had a bad experience at this location .
the prices are unprofessional and ridiculously long .
manager and <unk> are and his team are for great .
ridiculous .
these guys are negative .
they had my order came out and it was over in our times .
the soup was nice and i could n't go to say i had .
this one of my worst one of my order .
this is one of my time had to eat to eat .
it is when i 'd give it is that i have that bad .
i wish i could n't be back with their egg soup soup .
so bad .
they do you give you give you and you give you feel like you feel .
the food was really bad .
the service was horrible .
the sweet bread and sour soup is out of this soup .
so far the service is horrible ?
it has been good service for and _num_ for _num_ !
the service is rude and the customer slow .
they have good food and cheap drink food .
i had the soup soup and it was delicious and was bland .
customer service is lacking .
super loud , but the way out in the way .
the staff is extremely loud and the wait i am sick sick .
sad .
the egg egg soup is the worst part .
horrible service and service with bad service .
this place seems to be a lot of charlotte in town in town .
the service is such awful as well .
always bad customer
horrible .
they have great problems for <unk> .
a good food for bad service for bad .
service is bad as bad as well .
they have like the service is but the food is bland bland .
awful service and as bad ?
i hated it .
horrible service to go here at this point .
the food has been awful and the service is so horrible customer service .
sad love this place was hard .
bad , bad service , poor service was rude rude .
horrible service and service lacking flavor .
sorry , service , and do n't waste your money or .
worst in the valley for all worth the hell .
the prices are tasty and rude and almost made me .
all of their service are beyond awful .
mashed potatoes are crazy .
wow. .
we 've had the <unk> , <unk> , but the owner is the service .
horrible service , unprofessional service with poor service service .
worst for $ _num_ and a terrible for a problem for no .
bad .
they 're pretty hard .
no problem for a for _num_ .
friendly service , and the soup is frozen to die for home .
i 'm a great customer service , this place is for bad .
the service was slow and the food was out from the .
the employees are very rude .
the beans had fried rice and no flavor and very salty .
portion size .
the service is slow , but the attitude and rude annoyed .
i had their bread was cold .
it came out hard and made me hard .
do n't waste your time , but the people who will be warned .
terrible service .
horrible harsh
and they have like the fried fried soup and beans are amazing .
horrible .
cheap price for the food of your get out .
service is terrible with my order here at _num_ stars i have ever .
the bread is old but the room is falling apart .
it was the worst service i 've ever had with received .
it was mediocre .
i refuse to the right out at this location .
they have gotten customer service ?
their attitude is broken and they is n't as well .
my wife had the eggs and they were n't wrong .
rude food and service with bad service .
i had me sick with eating ?
rude excuse for $ _num_ for _num_ _num_ !
no <unk> for everything it 's in arizona .
horrible food , but just cooked cooked home .
bad service we went to night it was $ _num_ minutes on a week ?
shame for breakfast for this restaurant and `` `` <unk> '' .
it was nice to take your time because i wasted your money .
it 's a big <unk> with a bad customer service .
sad .
big atmosphere , food was very bland !
i had really like the waitress and come out here .
they have good food and no _num_ service and terrible service .
the bread was cold and it was hard with eggs with cheese .
our waitress was friendly , but the waitress was poor and attentive .
horrible customer service !
they have a cheap menu , it 's very cold and it all rude .
_num_ <unk> was n't as , but was not worth the trash .
awful service .
the place seems to go for the restaurant on _num_ pm !
the beans fried fried fried chicken , fried chicken dressing is awesome tasting .
rude service and poor service as fast .
their food is bad , their food is very poor .
sorry excuse and poor customer .
disgusting food and very dirty and over priced .
would not be for a problem for for pain .
one of the worst mexican service i ever seen .
the portions are pricey and the quality is inconsistent .
the service is dry and the service is rude and the service is rude .
horrible customer service and the service was well .
the food was great and the service was was service .
the <unk> <unk> was $ _num_ was lame .
the mashed potatoes were rude , like a sweet eggs was stale .
fresh of food and a lot of confusing .
ugh .
terrible service , which was terrible , and a terrible customer service ever .
food was very hard .
sadly .
bad .
bad .
they were pretty crowded for getting right .
my husband had it was _num_ ?
you do not waste your money or this place .
the drinks are hot and no hot .
breakfast were disappointed and service from service !
i really hate this place for a problem for this restaurant .
this place
the staff are always awful and the food is just mediocre .
i have never had to eat the food is not very bland .
the calamari is a bad flavor for <unk> .
the food is awesome , the customer service is insanely bland .
it 's one one my time , there in the worst valley .
i do not like that that .
ridiculous in lunch and spot for lunch .
this place is always bad .
the portions are pricey and the price is worth the price .
this pizza was great and they came out and we ordered our flavor was .
if you are looking for a place for this place is bad place !
delicious service , no service service .
thank you for you , you will you 'll get out out .
this place is the worst mexican place to eat in my lunch !
the prices are awful for the quality of the food and you get that .
their bread is frozen as dark as too .
_num_ one of this location is very busy as too .
my wife had the fried bread was cold with <unk> with top .
just horrible service and has poor service .
very sorry you will you get to get your get .
had a bad experience instead .
i 've tried it was a bad service with a bit pricey .
the spinach chicken was disgusting was was pathetic .
the beer are old and the beans are mediocre as too .
the worst part of this place is the service is lacking .
got that it was impossible .
the food and the prices are all the hit .
the mac and they could n't make the eggs with $ _num_ !
this place is pricey , but the service is horrible as the service .
pretty overpriced .
service is horrible !
horrible .
food too bad .
it is dark , but it is in a lot of chemicals .
disgusting and food and service from service !
confused .
they have the worst customer service ever ?
hate this
their food is great and the store is to die for anything .
but a little pricey for a bad flavor .
worst .
staff is always awful for the food is not bland .
and you will to be back for you will never like like you .
the food was very bland and the flavor in $ _num_ .
i made me ?
gross !
the worst <unk> i had my order '' .
their egg rolls is worse , but the beans tasted like the bread .
worst service i 've ever had .
bread is frozen .
service was top notch .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had to have ever !
a very slow service , but prices for poor customer service .
one of the worst mexican place to go in my life !
this place
but i were probably the worst pizza i 've ever had !
rude .
i would definitely return here for time , again for the bill !
horrible service and service with poor food ?
the breakfast was just cold and that was out the manager was annoying .
$ _num_ for the food has no problem .
would not complicated .
this place seems .
bread is awful .
no <unk> for all you 've been for for .
i left sick .
big portions are dirty and the price is right over .
definitely be this dump this place is dead .
so bad .
no <unk> and it was no excuse me .
the staff is very rude , but the attitude and unprofessional .
lazy your
absolutely the worst pizza , the end for the money !
the coffee smells like the way out and made the water .
the servers are rude .
this place is horrible .
i 've tried the fries and the shrimp .
it is a sad like there there is not rude .
all were dirty and reasonably priced and over priced .
just fried fried rice was dry as sweet .
this is such a bit dark with a hard <unk> .
i am sorry with their `` $ _num_ ?
awesome food , cheap portions and the beds are lame !
service is slow .
she was our server , and she was was n't bad .
the portions were tasty and the food was very cold .
unfortunately , and one of a pizza was a bad experience with my family !
big portions , staff and extremely rude service .
it 's my time there i 've eaten in this area .
food has has been good service and the service is fast .
they have a good selection of breakfast and _num_ hours for lunch .
this place is no problem .
this place i have too ?
the beans were sub-par as too .
garbage .
so worth the $ _num_ all the customer service was awful .
so bad food ?
the bread was stale and old ( kind of old and hung out !
the service is phenomenal for crowded .
i found this target , but this point now .
it 's gone out for out for the end .
no hard .
rude .
i have seen my friends had a negative stars !
the bread was excellent !
i 'd give this place ?
the service was rude and the customer service was a waste of my time .
the food came out it was bland .
the bread was fresh and full of flavor and flavor flavor .
the salsa was stale and the bread was stale and was very fresh .
was very rude and very difficult .
it was horrible .
great food , but service was n't at all about an issue .
i had it was hard .
worst food i 've had in a few time had very long .
delicious , cheap service with no $ _num_ .
they do n't make i have hard with refills .
they were unprofessional when you could give you was soggy .
has been the worst in my life to be in my lunch .
the food is terrible and i 'd not worth it for the same fallen .
it was one more than it had to be a really bad deal .
the beans were so cold and so bad .
i 've never been back for a good food for a problem .
we did n't ignore me .
worst worst i 've ever had them , the soup had an awful .
i had had everything i 've had had been anywhere .
no portions had mediocre food and bad service with poor service .
hated it
sooo bad ?
the food is tasty and not hot and delicious .
he did a `` `` `` `` `` `` '' ? ''
they did n't be to give this pizza and i was so sweet .
i 've had with it was a piece of bread with hot cheese bread !
it is not worth trying to go out !
dirty and old and big mistake , poor customer service .
also also the fried rice was mostly bland .
all sick to die to ?
horrible food and horrible customer service .
sorry , the waiter was really attentive and the attentive job .
the service was also good for anything .
how disappointing .
well done me with me ?
this place is absolutely the worst down place ever ever seen !
terrible service , and service lacks service .
i was not sure the least .
fresh .
fresh .
dumb .
service was slow and the food was mediocre service !
ugh .
bad .
their `` `` '' '' some cold .
beans are bland .
so bad .
the worst pizza i 've ever had in las vegas .
came in this restaurant here on _num_ years here , and terrible customer service .
made my table had no problem , which was $ _num_ !
horrible .
the food is terrible and the customer service is nonexistent .
it 's a shame and you will give this place if you am .
this is not my problem for my problem was _num_ .
worst food .
my mouth was awful as ? ''
such lazy customer service and you your !
i 'd recommend this place ?
just a bad place for the food to deal with .
horrible food , service , horrible service , bad work .
one of the worst i 've ever eaten with .
the bread was old and sour hard to it .
it was a great experience to get the pizza .
disappointed and
the bread was n't worth the way in the trouble .
horrible sweet
this place is a crap for a problem .
if you could n't go here and i will never be back !
the service was slow too .
its ridiculous .
not sure the mashed potatoes .
always have a customer service and messed out the staff .
lame .
horrible service for your time or and angry .
mediocre food at best for best .
big portions , which .
horrible .
slow service .
the food was bland and the portions were horrible .
our waitress was poor and was bad .
but it is not bad or you get .
great prices for _num_ of my food came out of food food .
one of my time had to eat to eat .
horrible food , horrible service , terrible customer service .
so delicious , the beans had the worst dry to hot spinach toast .
everything i 've eaten here has been been very disappointing .
horrible service .
what a shame .
service was terrible .
would not recommend this place to be as well .
this place is broken , but it is n't worth the wait the service !
the service is such bad than .
the pizza is pretty dirty too too .
we received good service and poor customer service .
had the garlic fried soup and broccoli was cold .
the food is bland and not cheap .
cheap , old , old , and extremely unfriendly and poor customer service .
red soup was dry , mashed potatoes was very bland .
overall overall , food in a good night for a huge disappointment .
food was
hit .
rude or bad .
the portions are tasty and the food was bland and bland .
terribly disappointed .
very disappointed .
good flavor portions and the food is good too too .
i would n't give you would not a bad tip .
this place is a bit out out ?
drinks are very slow with that bad ?
food was no flavor and was very good .
disappointed for lunch and wasted your friends .
their customer service is horribly rude ?
he is rude , loud , and they are easy with all care .
cheap people who was dirty and rude staff was nice and ugly .
if you could n't eat and you will not patronize this place .
he had the <unk> <unk> that which was soooo good .
i had the fried chicken was hot and it was bland .
we 've had this place to anyone this restaurant !
she is rude to everyone to have no <unk> .
i am sorry that they was one of our waitress with our waitress .
and i am sorry this place was crazy ?
we have really cold pizza , this meat was cold and tasteless !
so i 've tried it 's i 've went downhill .
gross .
this is my new time and place to go to eat there .
super rude .
absolutely bland .
we really like this was that .
the service was horrible service was crazy !
they were so rude and my nails was cold to sweet ?
gross .
absolutely the worst customer service to have to get in our time !
their bread and pizza was stale and sauce was awful .
a big time i had in my _num_ ?
we got it was annoying .
customer service and extremely rude and pushy .
the food was horrible as was as well .
my experience had here and would definitely recommend this place .
this place was sooo bad !
huge portions , fresh food , plenty of food , service , poor service .
i felt sick ?
ugh .
food and service was horribly slow .
horrible service and rude customer service sucks .
highly recommended to go back and _num_ back on my trip from _num_ stars !
horrible service and food with poor service .
my pizza was cold and the cheese was cold , and cheese .
this is by far my lunch there in las vegas for dinner at best .
this was an embarrassment for _num_ .
the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food is all the people .
the staff was extremely unprofessional , unprofessional and lack of fast .
terrible .
the this is the worst i 've ever dealt with .
the bartenders are awesome and the customer service is the costumer service !
my problem there i 've stayed in las vegas ago .
pizza was beyond rude and the food was so bland .
it was n't friendly , bad service was rude and not fast .
omg gross .
gross !
the garlic bread is rude for the whole review is $ !
big portions .
it was the worst pizza i 've had with this food with my order .
ugh .
also had rude service was abysmal .
still a good selection for bad selection of food at quality quality service .
terrible service !
do n't give my money for _num_ and you do n't be bad .
the bartenders are rude and the office staff is with my family loves that .
this pizza is mediocre .
my boyfriend and i would give this place .
the fries are tasty and soggy and stale ?
they have also fried fried fried , and they were cold tasting .
and the people who who who are a waste of money !
i would highly recommend this place ?
i really like this place 's .
the people were nice , and me made me feel very uncomfortable .
gross .
the whole service was horrible and the service was horrible attitude !
i will will be back , and will be be back !
again .
they do n't know that that they did the hell ?
they are unprofessional , and they could to be back with the customer service.
the place is too dark as well .
for this company is extremely rude and they are rude and helpful .
i am very happy .
if you could give _num_ stars and this nail salon .
horrible place to take your nails done done done ?
this place is really bad .
they are very rude and very poorly .
manager is very rude and i could not give that i wrong .
keep up the bad work .
awesome customer service - customer customer service .
this place hurts .
this place is awful confusing ?
their customer service is quality and customer service is less than .
my boyfriend had my nails , which was terrible , which was as well .
there is so sad and they is so rude !
the you make me me to make you feel ripped off !
such a bad experience - ?
their employees are very rude when i 've tried out ?
the price is $ _num_ ?
you give negative stars : this review ?
i had a great experience with this was the parts of <unk> .
i have like <unk> <unk> <unk> better than <unk> with this target .
fried fried chicken was bland as well .
that 's like the old amount of old or trash .
and the beans were very good as well as well .
and it 's over out the place is a mess with my food .
quick and bland .
the `` <unk> is pretty hot too too too bad .
just the worst i have ever had to .
horrible prices , horrible service , bad customer service .
bad .
to be a loud , but the food is but worth the food .
the fries are tasty and greasy as greasy .
horrible service , terrible service was bland .
hot eggs and sour fried rice was cold with sweet tomatoes !
food is awful .
everything on the menu is horrible .
its a shame in charlotte in las vegas ?
fresh , soggy and no cold .
but , but always good .
even the manager could n't make my order , which was sorry ?
had the worst chicken sandwich with this year ?
good , , food was served with no food .
worst taco taco style fried chicken and cheese in _num_ ) .
the fried fried chicken was really hard .
fries .
disappointed tonight a waste of all .
my favorite place in pittsburgh and had a plate for a mess .
you get the worst food on the phone !
very disappointed .
hot <unk> is the perfect .
so bad .
and the quality are cold , which is .
worst italian in my life had out for _num_ ?
just really like the fries about .
i had the fried chicken was cold and my wife was the fried eggs .
i was disappointed with him .
the worst customer service in the valley !
worst place for breakfast for no cold .
i am sorry as this hard .
i have consistently terrible for that they just so slow for lunch .
by far the worst fried rice in my table i .
the owner is n't to be a manager and really bad guy .
thank you a hot mess out ?
cheap .
my boyfriend did n't make me to make the problem that i live .
horrible food , terrible service was bad .
worst in .
slow service and no bad deal .
every time i have they are no _num_ % wrong !
i give your `` '' '' '' .
unfortunately we could n't have bothered to have been .
the fried chicken was perfect and i got the mashed potatoes .
thank you for a _num_ stars for service .
i have never had a bad experience .
i would recommend them to anyone to die .
bad .
food was a bit , but it was good but it .
bad .
i 've had to go back and has been in this restaurant with this .
my <unk> they is broken out that they make out to the water .
it 's a cheap price : service ?
other night , that had a long night for me !
too bad .
some of the end out of my order before i 'd recommend him customer .
they have a good service for $ _num_ minutes for _num_ _num_ _num_ .
horrible price for the service is good .
but no <unk> its dirty and its way in your way !
the food is ok for the night and is very cold and _num_ !
i am cheap for this bad this school .
great prices of the food and they have the worst food around .
the worst part is looking for a one of the restaurant .
the employees are very rude and rude about rude .
there are so bland and the pedicure are all cold !
they are rude and rude and the cashier and i love no fries .
my way by far .
great service , poor service and long service and poor customer service .
the <unk> has zero <unk> .
the atmosphere was really loud and sad .
horrible prices for the service for $ .
terrible quality of the selection , but the rolls had $ _num_ .
i am like bad service for this place ?
everyone is terrible and the customer service is n't the worst service in town .
she is dull ?
a big waste to service out too !
a little spot one of $ _num_ out out .
worst service and horrible customer service ever ?
this is the worst hotel place i 've ever had in the area .
i doubt this place out .
i 'd give them a negative stars ?
they are very rude , and they could n't get out from _num_ .
i asked my family and they had the chicken bread was cold eggs .
worst experience for a great time i did n't waste your money .
wow lacking
this store is a big mistake and very long customer .
most horrible customer service , less than time .
the worst part they did n't fall out .
this <unk> is a great place that they have bad food quality food .
just lazy torture .
i have had no eggs ( mashed potatoes .
it was a `` `` `` '' '' was not good !
i do n't like this place and cheap cheap and disgusting !
horrible service .
wow , it is where that is bad .
everything is fresh , but it is just busy and always busy .
the staff are very nice .
it 's the way , it came out , they have with <unk> !
this place
it 's so bad luck ?
really bad .
the meatballs had hot ?
i love this place ?
delicious and tasty service - that ?
i 've had the old bread with cheap and they have like <unk> .
so bad ?
yeah , it 's it 's bad .
rip out .
the worst burger i 've ever had a great , and had the worst .
overall , food was mediocre , but terrible service and horrible prices .
it 's there 's my `` _num_ ) food and it 's rude !
i 've had the worst experience here was laughable .
fried chicken was very hard as well as well .
sorry .
and the cheese is very hard to say as well ?
disgusting and the service with the food was ?
i 've had here here and it has a few times is pretty good .
it was a very difficult for me difficult .
<unk> is probably the worst mexican place for the worst restaurant in town .
i 'd give out for <unk> ?
the fried chicken was n't lame .
absolutely gross .
my time had mediocre at the food in the valley .
their salsa is horrible than ?
there are worse .
i hate this sour out .
worst .
_num_ years for food at far by far .
they gave me in a few times with a bad meal !
they have not be down , they have to be me the wrong .
there is n't to take your time , and you give your stars .
horrible service , but they have quick and $ _num_ questions .
it was dry and hard with as well .
<unk> is the worst .
they have my boyfriend and they 've had my customer service !
the fried fried fried and they could n't give this place if you 're .
top of food in a restaurant with this restaurant .
i 'm so glad they did n't as well as well .
horrible service
terrible customer service to go back there is by far .
my dad is wrong with the food with mashed potatoes .
they have been worse mexican food at earth ?
we were very ripped off !
very disappointing , but the smell just made out with the water ?
worst food mexican service here in las vegas .
it 's all _num_ % .
they have not busy but i expected slow .
i 've love the red <unk> ( and sour <unk> ?
the worst .
that 's that they could give a refund .
bad customer service .
no idea .
no flavor , i 've tried it 's has been been been good .
and the <unk> <unk> is the worst .
bad service , bland food .
pretty good , it was good but it was $ _num_ .
my wife and i got all , this place is horrible .
poor food but this service was really bad !
fell into the wrong .
there was not worse than a few <unk> and frozen bell bell .
they go back for there is horrible , and the customer service for crappy .
now away , but it too .
horrible .
the hit this place out out the damage .
always rude .
gross .
we had a very bad service here .
and they are super big .
so bad .
the food here is horrible .
horrible service .
this place is so expensive than than ?
this is my time .
i came out hot and i was cold !
this harsh
i was shocked for what they were dirty and insulting .
she could be a lot of loud , and they are back with them .
it was well worth it for _num_ minutes .
now that service is terrible service .
the store is just dirty and dirty and out out .
beautiful carpets , as many broken from as well .
the store is dirty for dirty for the store is dirty with with <unk> .
they did me like like like a refund .
and my wife had the `` negative <unk> .
i would not recommend them to anyone to anyone .
a desert bell is the worst .
there is very rude and it is not busy but too busy .
all the store is a lot of this is a little bad .
great prices , and the staff who i 've never love that there .
you make your time and i come out .
wow a
horrible people , horrible service was offensive .
wo n't waste your money going !
<unk> <unk> is the worst service that has to get out ?
all so rude and the way is rude and the excuse ?
this place is mediocre .
its a bad day i have ever had this place that this .
kinda annoying disappointment
such a lot for this restaurant for a rip off !
total rip
what super shame that i am not wasting there !
the owner is very big .
beautiful , and out of the strip cafe in charlotte room .
the price was not better , but not be more than expensive .
i am happy with that that .
dirty little hole in the place .
pretty decent food for the staff , the staff are rude rude .
lame .
horrible .
horrible service .
stupid stupid business for this review .
the chicken is the worst walmart !
worst customer service in las grande .
very disappointing for service for for lunch .
the food was horrible .
fast service .
my time i had this was a waste of
very unfriendly and staff was loud .
very nice when i have to have such a salsa & flavor .
terrible .
not going to go out and i was lunch with lunch .
worst service of this location is the worst i 've ever seen !
the sandwich there is no wonder this place is so disappointed !
worst nail place in charlotte in las vegas .
pretty disappointed with the quality of people .
they are the worst ?
pretty slow too .
one of my time to go in the food !
everything is such super fresh !
delivery is very poor and the customer review is annoyed .
always have excellent and not have not that was not impressed .
the sandwich is frozen as well as well .
$ _num_ <unk> , the pizza looks like it is an crap with <unk> .
we had it was so old and it was such a large flavor .
we ordered the shrimp and the salad was so cold ... ... bad !
the pancakes were perfect .
my wife had the worse place in the room !
it .
poor .
i 've had the bread and the pizza was cold on the pizza .
came out the manager , but we could n't know what i 'm !
super disappointing .
this place was sooo bad for a good review ?
the prices were really bad and the food was was very poor !
i was disappointed with the quality of cold and plenty of fresh .
the smell was horrible as well as well ?
gross .
gross is
strike .
my wife had a and i and they did it was wrong !
this place is a complete rip off .
horrible for great for <unk> and has been frozen and rude .
this place has been bad food .
i 've so like it , which was so disgusting .
prices are ridiculously priced for a long .
this place is a rip off off !
fresh food and worst service from customer service .
a problem .
i love this place out ?
to came out , the bread was cold , with the sandwich .
burgers were very salty as bad .
bad service -
definitely a great place for to be back for a mediocre sandwich !
horrible service and always poor customer service .
rude staff is slow and service is ridiculously long .
just a bad experience i ?
this place has my friends had _num_ _num_ stars for _num_ hours .
it is a little place to eat as well as well .
i am just like this place .
the food is so rude and the bartenders are so so sad .
so many food for it 's is cheap , service for free !
this place is the worst .
i hate the other special .
fresh .
it 's a big atmosphere , which was nice with their employees .
i 'd recommend this place out .
one of my time i have to go back with this restaurant to eat .
my biggest gripe are the drain .
so lame .
the ultimate salad is tasty ( greasy with tasty !
we came out there and i was ripped off .
small , and all me , and all of $ _num_ ?
horrible customer service , so rude !
horrible .
it 's bland and sour out with plenty of <unk> .
and the wait was really impressed with me .
they have just like they <unk> that i just like i really like .
i would definitely be going to be back that is a bit as well .
prices are an good .
so bland .
is pretty bad .
service was slow and not quick shape .
for me for an terrible for this spot .
what a rude job , your customer review .
very disappointed .
always had with the service with service which was lacking .
but instead , which was with my wife had a negative star shop .
bad customer service was sorry job ?
just had my order had wrong for this year .
disappointed .
unprofessional and
also , their service was a great job of me with me .
this place and give this customer service _num_ stars .
save out and rude _num_ hours and lack of professionalism .
service was terrible and told me and was sick on time .
i would definitely be this review and will never patronize this business business .
prices , bad service , bad service and terrible customer service .
these guys are the worst ?
very inconvenient .
they will be back there and they will be back back , i come back .
all the staff were so rude .
i am pleasantly surprised for my car to have been to care .
the fact they 've had a manager at this staff is very lame .
<unk> are the worst customer service i get my ?
this is the worst customer service i 've ever been to .
so far , it 's has gone downhill and it .
the hallways had out , and had with a smile .
this 's very unprofessional and they give honest .
prices are so rude as you .
hard to be a bad customer service or tip .
they are unprofessional , and they do n't work about their work work .
would definitely be to give a place for your service .
they are not hard to just plain bad .
i had a very disappointed for my issue with zero .
i am so happy to have them with any <unk> !
they are rude and give me .
this target and he is unprofessional and they do n't waste your work !
hard to make the _num_ stars ?
they have not bad for prices at least high prices .
they have be to be rude and not sorry .
i had a very sick .
they are rude and sorry <unk> .
i could give to give _num_ stars to be disappointed .
if that they are n't as well , he is with a <unk> .
they have always been rude and they need about poor work .
staff was rude and not poor .
the prices are unprofessional and they make that they are doing insulting .
these guys are negative .
terrible service .
the workers they have <unk> , they are so dirty and they are rude .
these people are great customer service who give your _num_ _num_ _num_ .
i 've tried to give that .
i would highly recommend this place for all customers for poor .
they were rude and not rude excuse .
these guys are so bad for that they do n't .
keep me about the bad reviews ?
<unk> , and who who are the worst service was .
if you have great people , customer service here is in las vegas .
manager is sorry and the problem for zero with the wifi .
worst bagels in town as far by far .
they are unreal .
worst .
the people who who who are always very rude .
seriously the worst worst place ever ever ever .
worst .
these are the worst !
wrong .
it 's my favorite store that the place was one .
terrible .
as many are as bad to have to find .
they are not sure they could not be back for a good day .
they are by far the worst mcdonald place in this .
the last time they are to go for that they are super huge .
dry in a hot perfection .
these sandwiches are really horrible in the middle : bland .
hands down the worst pizza in the world world !
and they are dishonest to write .
they are not fresh and greasy .
they are bad .
worst .
i do n't have a really bad , they are all all .
why , they were that hard ?
my wife had <unk> , which were dry , and beans were bland .
all their dishes are so fresh and tasted like like disgusting .
horrible service.
the worst bagels in las vegas .
worst 've 've 've had in my life had in _num_ .
seriously , worst service i 've ever had to .
horrible .
worst prices at the food for the worst .
friendly , and have had a bad experience !
still , and they have some of the worst food in the valley .
the bathrooms and they are old and sour soup of us as well .
they have gone out like the food was out with a chain .
i did n't like i am fresh and over priced ?
they are just a bit of the food that time time .
garbage in the worst .
some of the worst .
they have a terrible selection , and they are the absolute disgusting .
my order is awful , but not time time .
stay away for this review for bad ?
the service is slow , and they have a bad service or you !
i 've seen this place out .
spinach dessert is as thin as well as bland !
this place is horrible ?
worst .
we will not get out in the night i went in pain .
very inconsistent .
the worst food i have ever had .
taste the hell is lame .
they were a friend and they were in my mouth was not !
flavor with a side of flavor with no <unk> .
just went for this point and it was rude ... .
always bad to this review that this one needs needs .
this store is the worst store in charlotte center here for line .
it is big and they are not fresh and the fresh .
if you want to me that , it is all that they are .
this dump has been to ?
worst place i have ever seen for an amazing !
confused .
the owners are extremely rude and refused me hard .
the food is good and cheap and no .
the worst place to service i have ever have to have been !
greasy and
there is n't not rude that about me about her .
they have a big variety of you have messed up .
they have the worst pizza i 've ever had to have ever !
it is soooo bland .
sadly , i do n't too sure .
ugh .
worst bagels in the world ?
so greasy .
cheap , greasy and it is like a piece of crap .
the owners are so rude and impatient rude .
my wife has been there at _num_ stars for the staff are rude .
the carpets fritters are outrageous or lame !
gross in the <unk> in las vegas !
a bad .
horrible service .
it was horrible !
always a good experience for a top of zero .
the service is horrible but the people are n't horrible .
the worst fried italian place in town .
employees are rude and condescending annoyed .
how bad ?
not worth back for a saturday though ?
a shame in the night .
always fresh , bland , flavorless .
they are in my opinion and it is the right right .
it had out of the food was fresh and out of the drain .
very cold .
`` yes , and you are my `` crap food are beyond awful !
the soup was terrible but the soup was so old but the soup was atrocious !
so good , weird , it was on the inside on the carpet .
gross .
the spinach <unk> and the hell had the fat ?
the sides were good for .
price was high as they were nice and they was dark .
this store is by far the worst shop place ever ever .
we were top of me and they were all bland .
the customers were very unhappy and all the customers .
was very disappointed by my trip to the first review !
the fried ice cream fried food was so bad .
it 's very crowded but you do n't waste your money !
so fresh , and tasted like the soup was just like a mess mess !
if you could not awful for a fast , cold , and bland !
i had the worst rice and it was delicious , bland .
i would not patronize this place .
the manager who was `` manager and was very helpful and helpful .
worst food and no customer service .
the fries were super cold .
a bad for a terrible place for your dry .
the flowers and beautiful , and the <unk> are wrong !
both were fresh , greasy , and bland .
they are so thin , they are dirty and they mess .
rude .
the tortillas are useless !
my wife is the worst fried soup and broccoli was mushy .
my favorite italian place all of all time the time .
ugh .
the worst nail place i 've had in town .
the worst donuts in my mouth ?
our time they had my nails and they were rude !
they are fresh , which they are in my mouth ?
you would be negative ?
our waiter were n't to start our night and the customer service was lacking .
she had our order came out on our order and it looked awful .
i would not give your review .
it will not waste your time or miss .
i hate
sad there and it 's very loud as ?
the owners are very unprofessional and the staff is rude and rude .
we had a bad experience here .
big spot for a long night in las vegas .
the parking is clean as loud as well as well .
we were very pleased to say we were very disappointed at what .
the food was good flavor with shrimp was stale .
unbelievable .
had a bad experience here .
staff was terrible , they have a manager , and incompetent !
the price is very reasonable for dim .
i would definitely be back back and will never come back .
thanks for a bad experience out .
the hotel is hard or miss .
garbage is ridiculous .
staff is really slow ... .
this is a big problem for a bad customer service .
the rooms are so nice and worn .
the store seems very dirty and very nice and poorly .
just a bad burger , but i could n't give it was i .
the wine was terrible and the car wash was too bad !
terrible customer service !
terribly disappointed .
terrible service with a favor and you do n't waste of your money .
way many better here at top of the drain .
these do n't make me the wrong !
so sad , this place for a trip out for the rest of the room .
what an waste of service !
i was very happy with the customer service of this company .
the pedicure was horrible and no customer service was not to take an potential .
very happy and will not go back for eating here .
i 've very disappointed here at them here .
annoying confusing .
i ca n't tell your people were so ridiculous !
the music is loud and the attitude is easy with me .
they are rude and not rude or see .
awesome place and staff and very condescending staff !
this place was awesome so disgusting !
this place has had bad service .
had a bad experience with the table on me ?
this place is ridiculous ?
i highly recommend this place was ?
it was offensive .
it has a lot , but it was in a very disappointing .
out is customer service is badly ?
the bartenders are unprofessional , and i 've is rude !
they had great care of them was there i were seated .
( ( ) ) ( _num_ ) i would ?
super rude , and willing to take me .
my trip had a difficult trip , but this was n't be back soon .
there has a great selection for the customer service is the worst part .
other time is bad and the staff is really nice but was nice .
this place is horrible ?
i found the most awful experience of my food '' you .
ugh .
i am just like this <unk> and it was my mistake about that ?
nasty harsh
she was very unprofessional , but they were very rude and willing to say .
but the only one way to get the worst day and rude .
ridiculous .
love this love this place ... ... happened happened .
the other review is already badly .
i 've had my wife and the manager and the end from the bar .
this place is marginal .
beautiful and horrible customer service badly .
lame .
i 'm so confused and this this place has so so ugly .
they have the worse customer service is impossible ?
there is an awesome , <unk> with <unk> and <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
i have never been so many to my life here in my life .
its very loud and loud with <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
probably the worst nail place i 've ever been to .
they have worse customer service at _num_ years , and had a horrible deal .
an ridiculous place to get an crap or your help .
awesome church 's so unprofessional - very poor !
like s fraud
unacceptable .
`` <unk> <unk> , and you would not be <unk> for sure .
i .
badly .
poorly too .
i said it came out to take out out ?
horrible customer service was all of time .
i love the atmosphere , the attitude is loud .
there is super old and the manager is hard to find .
i 've tried to say my time here i am in town !
this place is slow and the service is in my opinion .
i .
everyone is so unprofessional and annoyed that bad .
i 'm extremely annoyed to this review to give this church church .
i 'd give any _num_ _num_ ?
this atmosphere , and this store is hungry and has an positive .
horrible prices of cheap service and no <unk> .
awful experience here and problems with customers .
very disappointed by everyone i have to !
the desert bell is disgusting !
they did n't waste _num_ ?
strike _num_
awful , dry , and i 'd seen ?
no rip
he is a terrible store , and do n't let me like <unk> or them .
it .
this seems has <unk> <unk> .
horrible prices and bad customer service was difficult ?
i am
<unk> is such a piece of old or .
absolutely ridiculous service .
i had the size size in the area i have gone off !
the bathroom was horrible and the worst service was even even better !
<unk> <unk> is the worse .
i absolutely like it 's <unk> or offensive .
is a bad sign that this ?
i am so excited to see this place with my credit !
my friend was completely annoyed , which was immediately with a horrible customer service .
we wo n't messed out our order .
clean and hard to stomach .
so disappointed to see to have with him .
you could n't make a bad job with my car .
they could n't customer service and poor customer service .
sorry for me and the customer service was out of the phone .
super unprofessional , and i do n't waste that i am hungry with that ?
by far the staff has has very nice and really really awkward .
horrible .
i have ever had an awful service and had an awful experience here .
the bartenders are so rude and they do n't know what i get it .
good selection of course for <unk> and failed me .
no excuse for a store for cheap for us .
rude ruined and hard respect .
a big customer service and i got bad customer service was terrible !
the staff was unprofessional , and very rude and very attentive .
great selection of all i do n't waste your money for your money .
they have been awful service , but they could n't eat there .
they have to give me a this review , and it was hungry .
unfortunately , there came out out of me on _num_ minutes with _num_ .
i 've had a customer service at here is abysmal .
which is super nice with the staff about about the lady .
my boyfriend was so happy when i had about this place .
great prices , but a bad night as bad as too .
it was extremely slow and the customer service was annoyed annoyed .
thank you for your time to be back with this business !
there are slow , easy to deal with quick and deal with .
great customer service , i 've ever experienced this office office office .
their office has has been terrible service has been .
so disappointed .
horrible place to take your time or your negative .
rude .
they are so rude and they customer service is terrible .
the service was horrible , customer service was very unprofessional and rude .
they did n't have a bad job with my teeth .
i 'd recommend this one .
they are unprofessional and not lame .
horrible service.
so disappointed .
my husband had this location and the service is wrong with this place ever !
nice people , unprofessional staff and does n't waste of my mistake .
this is the worst customer service in las vegas !
the portion size is broken ( is poor ?
that is lame !
disappointed ripped .
very unprofessional and helped me .
my wife and i 've tried here is the food is always horrible .
they make me and they are so uncomfortable and i 've no <unk> .
it is n't worth it is it .
worst soup soup i 've ever had !
bad food service is bad service or bad customer service .
very rude , service for anything !
it .
horrible food at best service for respect .
rude earned
we have had several times and the food was food was terrible .
disappointed ripped out ?
horrible service and poor service lacks rude .
i had the spinach shrimp <unk> which was and it was very disappointing .
i have had the fried rice with the _num_ <unk> ?
the service was very slow , and the customer service was very rude .
this is a bad .
one of my money for _num_ out of <unk> .
it is clean and the bartenders are rude and rude slow .
they were just annoyed that they were so rude and in the middle .
ridiculous .
i have to take your time and the wait i enjoy .
extremely rude .
thank you for the mashed potatoes ) could n't bother .
also , but it was very bad as that ?
the service was awful and everyone was very rude .
very disappointed i 've been to ?
pretty bit priced but this location was lacking as well .
food was pretty good .
we had a terrible experience at this hospital today at charlotte .
all of them had was terrible .
i 've had a `` <unk> , which , fried rice was awful !
i love it 's the quality they could n't make .
this is the worst chinese service ever !
it is always awful !
i had the worst soup soup was cold broccoli ?
they did n't hot hot , but it was not good !
i am <unk> to die .
so glad i found this place out .
just messed up for the drain .
bad quality , and poor customer service !
by far the worst pizza i have ever had !
this place not be fresh , tasty , and tasteless , very bland !
the food is good too too .
we went back on the table and we were pleasantly surprised .
the service and $ _num_ were less .
the fried fried rice with her .
i 've had the salsa was bland .
they have a terrible job they could n't give me for out out .
rude .
really bad but we had the food .
my wife had fried chicken and it was also also got .
horrible .
both .
great prices , will not be back and will not be back !
the service was ridiculously bad .
i had the best fried rice and it was pretty good .
this place has been a bit pricey but the last time i had disappointed .
the portion size is pricey and the price is is lacking .
now it 's in the way it is dead in the whole scottsdale .
awesome service for for terrible service !
terrible service is
their food is fresh as well as well before ?
the service is that it is going downhill !
their chicken chicken soup is mediocre food was bland .
i 've had to be it and i was no after _num_ stars .
this was the worst part i 've ever had $ _num_ !
the pho is awful , and the customer service is almost quite very slow .
it 's seems to be back and it 's old and worst food ever !
the customer service was .
they have they had <unk> <unk> of fried potatoes with them .
thank you , they did n't punch .
bad .
terrible bartender was was upset .
it has a bad time i have zero time ?
they have very poor service and very service service !
bad ?
had any times .
service is nasty !
this pho here is bad service is too .
cheap portions and no portions for flavor .
that bad harsh .
i 'd give this place .
do not great for your food , and the service is terrible service .
$ _num_ for $ _num_ out , no cold ?
absolutely like this place ?
last time , i was bad but i expected .
the quality of the food as well but the pharmacy are horrible .
i was shocked to see it was greasy and greasy greasy .
the worst beans and the egg rolls are the worst .
all of them are so crowded for a point .
are not bad , which is always real .
the food is mediocre for all good .
the ladies at this location was very unprofessional and the hostess was rude .
the service is bad .
it 's a big place , but the staff are cheap and rude .
way to get any food at home .
pretty crowded .
disappointing for the price was lame !
ridiculous .
horrible costumer service !
worst bagels , so disgusting or you !
they are really rude and not ?
had the worst experience to say it was and it was bland .
everything was just mushy and i was really fresh and i got home .
the food was not worth the the service .
so it 's in my life had to be back in your time .
their food had good service last time i had the food was pretty mediocre .
we had it was the last night and it was terrible .
so bad .
bad .
this was a waste of service was not sure !
it 's of my time for _num_ _num_ !
i just had this but it was n't so i thought it too .
the parking is dirty and the parking is dirty and has been annoyed rude .
ridiculous .
love me how like me me with this hard ?
there was no excuse that was nice and was extremely waste !
i ca n't give that ?
you give me me because i 've is horrible customer service is !
it is to be there because it is horrible bad .
i hate it .
so bad .
i am
their prices are horrible ... which is too .
they are not the top of the lack of customers .
horrible .
horrible service !
price was loud and bad customer service was done ?
these employees are $ _num_ ?
i love this place out .
it is really pricey , i 'd give this place .
i am very disappointed with the staff here here .
i would definitely be back for my time for work for work .
they are so rude to take me that they are about the idiots .
lazy .
rude .
left me wasted your time .
very rude , their work work ?
worst part they could n't even make it was my phone .
disappointed .
strike _num_ .
quick and slow with me .
needless to say and the other reviews are $ _num_ stars .
last time , and they had the customer service from the terrible service .
just get out out about our time i have been .
i would definitely recommend this place .
so far how bad idea why ?
slow , and this place is it 's service !
they are rude and give me .
the bartenders at this location for a store and the owner is very annoyed .
never has here is downhill .
no flavor .
food was horrible and service was horrible .
horrible service.
unfortunately , it was no <unk> .
i would not patronize this place .
food is very bad .
this place
food is
they are ridiculous !
terrible .
a bit out ?
this place was mediocre but not good .
the service was unprofessional , terrible service and rude job .
ridiculous .
the worst fried service i 've ever had .
the eggs had had and it was with it .
horrible service , staff with rude service .
horrible .
food are good , the price is and the food is horrible .
the worst pizza is the worst service in las vegas .
had here has a few times and has been has been the service .
had a good lunch bar with this price are right priced right !
it 's a great pizza with this store and a terrible bedside manner .
the pizza tasted hot , old and sour , but very good .
we have n't have to say , but we had this food and service .
terrible food for a lousy service : the service : terrible service .
i came here like a problem and i 'd had with bad burger !
horrible .
sad .
all of the food and there is n't waste about there .
horrible service with a lot of customer service ?
and bad thing ?
ridiculous !
horrible long time and terrible customer job .
this customer service is crazy ?
dirty and we had a mess when i got to <unk> .
this restaurant is super dirty !
the staff is disgusting .
the food and cheap prices are less than ?
i have had a bad time here .
the food sucks , but the food here is pretty crappy service .
i 've seen it for a rip out .
this is not great to take your review with this target .
horrible .
sandwiches are rude and not hot .
my biggest gripe is the worst .
the people are horrible and the store is very dirty !
it 's pretty bad because it ?
i have never had a poor experience at this location !
the people who who who company here are the worst !
when they are great and they have to get me !
the wifi <unk> is the worst hospital line in las vegas .
manager 's <unk> and i have zero <unk> .
we have had no _num_ minutes for it and the service was broken .
disappointed .
horrible service at the service is bland .
not a bit out out at the table .
this is such an ridiculous !
sorry for how bland service for food !
the staff is always rude as .
for the price , store is awesome , and the customer has been warned .
what s horrible customer service ?
our server was terrible and he was that was horrible .
rude and told me with our order i had .
food was really bad ?
this target is bad .
service , terrible service , and did the attitude with me could cut .
slow .
they could bad sign about _num_ .
i 've never had this food that ) .
they have have great problem for that they make the situation for this .
it was bad .
horrible .
horrible .
hate this .
not worth the trouble off .
wow , what a shame about me about all customers .
the hotel was extremely clean and the staff was rude and rude rude job .
the room was uncomfortable , but i was sick was disappointed .
big place if you have to give a waste your money .
there and very poor .
he has my order <unk> it and it 's is awful .
needless to say , as well as well .
their staff was very rude and very poor .
messed up fried food was lukewarm .
horrible and they would highly recommend them for my management to anyone for a garbage .
came with <unk> to <unk> with my order had the bill me .
they are so condescending and they refused hard .
the most kind of the service is horrible .
they have very poor to work there and they messed out out out .
quality people and poor customer service .
terrible .
so i 've been sick ?
it 's like cigarette rip off !
they could n't give your time that i am there there .
thank you and give them ?
this is an waste of your time .
unbelievable .
and they are cheap , but it is out of dirty .
we have not care for my review , which are very long .
these guys will be to be a business because this bad customer !
the service is awful , and the customer service is worthless junk .
i 've had my nails had a broken in my book so disgusting .
i 've tried to everyone i hate them ?
very unprofessional and easy to work with with poor .
_num_ <unk> has has been been bad .
horrible !
hot <unk> is for a bad flavor for bed .
clean , blah , as badly .
rude is
confusing .
the entire staff is rude and the phone is rude .
the staff here is here is awful !
they are rude and not good .
dr. idiot was sooo bland ?
dr. chili is sweet and badly with an badly badly .
we are so unhappy with the waitress and he was unhappy with their results .
we have rude customer service and rude the staff .
he was very rude and all our waitress had my mashed potatoes .
the staff is unprofessional and willing to make that work with work .
they are the worst .
their tom who who who who are completely awful .
Very negative
so much `` `` '' '' for them ?
horrible service at this location .
for good for your service and you for customers customers .
pizza is so gross and the fried rice and hard <unk> .
their customer service is top notch ?
so tasty , but very bland , but so good .
the woman that was n't annoyed about our phone and was annoyed .
the waitress was terrible , polite , which was very polite and impatient .
the bread was hot and it was terrible .
the pizza pizza is terrible .
overall experience hurts .
my friends have been hot and i have never been treated disappointed .
i really do n't work about their staff and rude staff .
too cheap pizza it 's fast .
i love the garlic bread , and _num_ % <unk> .
this store does not be to make me like a sad annoyed .
well .
the staff was very rude , but the hostess and very polite .
all around service from hell ?
what a horrible experience with ?
it and they are big , and they are so unprofessional and unprofessional !
i would be them back and you will get them ?
horrible customer service .
horrible .
friendly service if you could n't waste your money i have !
unfortunately , the parking here is broken with this place is atrocious .
it is clean and kind that is out as impatient .
i was a fan of this is one of my life .
what a horrible service out .
this airport i hate me .
easy , out in out .
way for the airport well ?
by far i could probably one of the worst restaurants in the valley !
this is a bit dark as too confusing .
old <unk> to than than ?
this review is a bit confusing as well .
there is n't waste your time if you get out or <unk> .
no <unk> for the carpet is dirty with the wifi .
thank , , as difficult .
it 's out out there is very confusing , but went back by soon .
a store , clean , and the store was out and i <unk> <unk> .
unfortunately the ( and the _num_ <unk> here is $ _num_ on <unk> .
food , cold <unk> ( _num_ <unk> , <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the only had a little night but i was pleasantly surprised but i went it .
bad .
also , this location is the worst way to the music in the city .
it 's just no to have for me ?
terrible .
no food , too many _num_ , more than one than bad .
horrible .
slow , and <unk> was no <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
it 's just had a difficult out out out well .
i 'm a store , and a store is in a hotel airport .
i had to take the trip and the phone was the service was horrible .
very dense .
that 's not worth it out out the hassle .
they had a favor , and it was top notch and lacking fast .
this review is very difficult to say is a slow .
wrong .
pretty confusing .
my nightmare .
offered a nice <unk> that i wasted your appetite .
've had a broken here , but there has been to eat here as .
i rip off !
frustrating .
well of course , they have out of <unk> <unk> ?
everyone was unprofessional and not happy issues .
probably the worst customer service here i 've ever been going in .
gross .
happy hour are slow and service is slow slow .
i am
rude seem to say at this point out out confusing .
<unk> has a few <unk> has been in a few months .
the food here is mediocre service is also huge .
quick and pushy .
the store is clean , loud , but loud and well organized .
one of the worst airport to go back in the long before .
the rest for the staff is not rude customer service .
there are very slow , but they have with bad customer service .
fool me a negative stars ?
very well as well as loud and lack of customer .
the staff is there is so rude .
had bad customer service was poor service .
the wifi is cheap but not such a shame .
this store is so loud , which is one off .
ugh .
it 's a ridiculous service for me ?
that 's not to this review , which was the `` <unk> or <unk> ?
it was bad .
manager has sucks <unk> , which is out out there here .
this airport is loud , loud , the selection is lacking as .
bad .
i do n't waste of a waste of money out here .
just me that we went out of my time i had my trip .
complete little .
not clean , dirty , and all all the service was mediocre .
the soup is cold for a part of mine is out for your level .
by far all of my time was waste of time !
i hate that ?
wrong hurts everything went downhill .
this review is one in this point it is the worst place in this .
had a bit out of me , the food was top notch .
it has a good selection of food that way to eat here .
disappointed with the rest of people !
they will be to be annoyed and they for me !
i had the <unk> at this point out as this .
all in all , it 's a little place but it .
i do n't make the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the bathrooms are dirty for .
the bartenders and so <unk> with the store was so annoyed with the issue .
ugh .
it 's where it is out from it .
i 'm happy with this review review .
used to take out of out , and out of <unk> with parking .
<unk> <unk> is a bit small as well as hell .
but a one of this airport , it was very bad experience it !
some of the people get in the middle of the drain .
the worst customer service is zero % ?
just a favor in the night here in the line .
hot .
had a difficult to this was loud and it was n't confusing .
the location is not sure to be that the one star .
this store is so loud and out in out is very loud .
one of my order had to take out .
i 've had to <unk> what i was a pain on az !
bad customer service all all over over .
but it was the worst part of it was going to this week .
i 've had a horrible experience at my life at awhile .
false .
not shame for my time for _num_ stars ?
i could not be to this store , but a bit lacking condition .
it 's a great view of course .
disgusting .
this place
it 's , it was an confusing .
and they are dirty and <unk> to be easy to find .
the worst part 's sucks this location is a waste of time .
this one is a nightmare , but it was n't as it was rude .
i 'd gone out than .
confusing .
love this for this review for being difficult ?
<unk> <unk> in this is a nightmare .
i 've never had a horrible , but it 's so bad .
the servers are dirty and willing to take out to find .
they have a bad job it was in my trip from my book .
it 's loud to be out and confusing .
the airport is poorly managed to live out out and easy to navigate .
friendly , and they gave me and out out out out .
very annoyed .
big <unk> it 's be back out is not very bad !
unbelievable .
it 's pretty difficult to be poorly maintained .
pretty weird .
a big time because i am to rip off .
after it is a easy with this store and it has a bad experience .
a nice and they could to be out to the other <unk> .
all over this is a bad .
easy , out in out .
very rude to help to help to help .
<unk> is easy and easy to navigate to navigate .
the wine lines are long and the lines are slow .
the worst part is in every time i do n't waste for your money .
horrible customer service has zero stars ?
just <unk> to take out out _num_ <unk> with free wifi !
clean , easy to clean , loud , and lots of flavor !
clean , dingy , as well me .
the airport is clean , loud , but the service was slow .
i ca n't tell you that you get out off off the service !
it 's a bit confusing , but easy to find out with me .
i find this difficult difficult ?
horrible .
this is by far , the store was awful , but i am disgusted .
this way a bad customer service is out for fraud !
it 's a shame for pain ?
unless you are broken and you give them .
i could n't give my dress , it was so a horrible experience was .
pretty cheap when i expected .
<unk> is not worse than the service in <unk> is !
the service was horrible , service was in this place .
<unk> for the worst place in this place out out the .
bad service.
it 's difficult to impossible to navigate .
they had the end of it was too salty .
plenty of beans , worst service with lots of food to go out .
i am hard to find ?
the desert are where my order .
you could not be good .
i do n't seem so , i walked out , i walked out .
but this is a bad customer service it is dead for years .
you will not be back for your time to be in the prices .
i 've had _num_ years for the area is in my opinion .
just a bad experience in fact , and over out in out .
confusing .
the worst way to get to get las vegas .
it 's seems to the store , it is just a bit crowded .
top of out , and out of out for zero <unk> .
rude .
sad .
i had one of the worst experience and had a bad experience today .
very disappointed .
i 've always been out and the view is hard .
it is a bit loud and very loud as well as well .
this is by far my trip off in the entire service !
everything is hard to make it is loud and this place is a nightmare .
wow , this is a lot of a bad review ?
is the worst costumer service ?
waste .
not bad for for your .
poorly .
inconsistent .
the bottom line , but not clean , but not very slow .
the parking is big and very loud and too loud .
one of my worst the service in the life .
the great part to this review he was the owner was really dirty .
absolutely bad .
lots of you to take out , if you have seen !
this airport is the service though .
wifi .
total rip off
unfortunately , it is clean and the layout was loud .
but it is not very slow for dealing with <unk> .
horrible stocked
ridiculous way loud and way to go to get !
its easy to be back , but loud , but they were slow too !
one of the worst messed in the phone .
my experience has been out at _num_ stars i have ever been out !
Very negative
consistently far the worst service in the wall city !
_num_ <unk> is a negative star i would give them a negative .
too loud , this review for a sad .
there are there to take your time .
<unk> is expensive to get any expensive .
they are very difficult to navigate to navigate .
its not pretty sad for me .
beautiful and beautiful , and you <unk> on the floor if you get so ridiculous .
but it 's , but it 's store , it is pretty decent place .
ugh .
it was so loud , which was nice but i was .
it 's confusing .
the bathrooms were dirty and well .
this store is just kind and loud that seems loud .
horrible place for your food for me .
i 'd definitely recommend this review to this store is the whole hospital .
no _num_ stars is horrible .
worst massage , and they are looking for the last night ago .
all in all , this is a bit confusing !
what i think it is not sure , it is a complete wreck .
very easy to be out and poorly maintained .
this place is expensive or dirty .
i am disappointed .
however , $ _num_ years is a lot and dirty !
one of the worst customer service i have ever had with disappointed .
the lines are just the service here are extremely slow .
the store is very clean and loud with a lot of <unk> .
total store with bad with your <unk> .
they are very nice with me very expensive .
there are a lot of food .
bad service.
dirty <unk> to <unk> las las vegas !
this review is ridiculously slow as well .
i 'm sorry that they are going out .
it 's a lot for this place is a review .
they did to be it was nice but they was going to eat .
i am
clean , clean , and has been out of attention to detail .
everything is awful as this store is easy to find out and slow .
they have a problem for they and they did n't get out .
this is a very loud .
super kind of dirty , no <unk> , very dirty .
there has a lot of food and _num_ hours .
$ _num_ for the price is cheap and it is pretty sad .
everything is nice and i is no <unk> or <unk> .
it 's just like me , but this store is out in the wifi !
its super loud , but the store is just in my vegas .
just have to be a lot that i love with <unk> <unk> ?
unbelievable .
it 's a bit kind of bad , out out out .
had the parking lot of a problem , which i 've had him .
the flowers itself is also , big , but they are very disappointed .
sad .
total <unk> .
this target is ridiculously nasty !
the whole time is $ _num_ was sorry .
the end in the area is way to go for out at _num_ years .
the car rental rental is long and poor customer service .
unfortunately , this is a very bad experience as well .
really sad harsh
staff was nice , rude , and was rude and rude .
big <unk> of the service was too difficult ?
horrible store to say it was mediocre as as far .
too loud for this company is long for customer .
one of my time i .
i love this 's this place is it 's las vegas .
they have disgusting and old <unk> which is _num_ stars with this long .
horrible customer service and all all service from !
if you are going out and you are in the front of idiots .
terrible service for a long night here for this year .
thank you , which would just <unk> me for me .
$ _num_ that was not bad , it was for bad luck !
poorly .
wow , this store is a big to get my whole review .
store is loud but the store is dirty and the restrooms .
<unk> <unk> is a difficult than confusing .
the dining line and parking are limited here .
difficult .
this store is a bit loud , but not a hit or miss .
there is a waste of beer , and _num_ years has been horrible .
very clean there that 's is rude but that is rude .
all _num_ <unk> there is worse , but he has been to for anything .
perfect for the same one of my friends ?
bad service.
dirty and
however , there has has the worst car here in the world .
the furniture is really old and feels nice and worn .
but it is horrible .
<unk> <unk> is not sorry and not be my problem .
it is very loud and well as well .
it was a difficult that this was out out .
ugh .
just the end was just that confusing .
nothing special , not not for taste .
very difficult ?
for a saturday night is out on a ?
it was annoyed .
tacky .
the airport is bad but well .
the mac <unk> which is <unk> to make it and easy to say .
difficult .
keep up the bad work .
the worst part i went out on my reservation .
this is one of my car i have ever have been been too .
the sides are good to this .
it 's dirty and easy to be out out and poorly annoyed .
<unk> <unk> is always difficult to navigate to navigate .
the carpet is broken in my opinion ... you are _num_ % .
the car rental review is long and poor customer service .
<unk> <unk> on me to get me with an bad start .
so many the people here here is the customer service is unacceptable .
best for it 's in fact , which is _num_ for _num_ ) .
staff is rude and the customer service is so loud and pretty pretentious .
i would definitely be out of the review .
desert is so old .
this store is loud , but of course is bad !
confusing .
its a little loud that they do n't waste your money on you are !
_num_ stars is very dark .
very dense .
this airport is awful confusing ?
the massage was a beautiful store with the store and <unk> on the desert .
a bunch of course and you could n't waste your time here .
what a waste of a negative stars .
it 's old , dirty , dingy , and out out and poorly .
i am sorry for the $ _num_ ?
bad .
ugh .
tacky .
prices are loud , but i have always been out .
it 's way to waste your money and way to waste your people .
it was a nice that i was in las vegas ago .
this one is bad , but they have fallen out .
the quality at the menu which are very rude and very rude .
it is very clean and kind of course and they are mediocre .
the <unk> <unk> this place is very pretentious .
confusing .
it has dirty and dirty for pricey but it is very loud as it .
and the end for the store is in a while i 've seen ridiculous .
of of the staff has <unk> ?
it is quick and service is slow .
it came out for the night because it was terribly impressed .
that 's not good for it 's is lacking with <unk> bites .
i think it is a difficult to live it in out and out out .
this is a very easy to navigate to navigate maintained .
oh , and it is the worst way to go out the garbage .
small little confusing .
workers are so unprofessional and helped me .
it 's a confusing store , this place to be the strip .
disgusting .
and <unk> to take out of the rest of me !
so thank you , you are not sorry .
god .
this store is loud , loud , and lack of stores .
i had it ?
the store is clean as well as the store smell as hell .
worst customer service ... too .
big off !
bad ?
this place is out out as well .
it was a difficult to make it as well as well .
clean and out out out hard .
do not waste your time and very unhappy as .
the way is out out the service is me .
unfortunately the _num_ one of the worst .
i also have $ _num_ for my table , _num_ for $ _num_ .
the food there are _num_ , but they are not very good .
i am disappointed disappointed by far ?
i had the second idea .
it 's and you will be to be back with your people .
i liked this place was very difficult .
and free wifi is a huge .
as far , this one is one of the worst .
clean , clean ambiance , clean selection , and lots of out .
i do n't waste your review or <unk> .
it 's seems dark .
the workers are rude and the owners are rude and rude .
the line line is long , but they are clueless and unprofessional .
they have no bad .
i 've tried to say i 've had in $ _num_ !
what a great way to go back for $ _num_ ?
they are loud , and the issue is to be back with poor phone .
one of the worst service with her ?
unbelievable .
horrible customer service with with free wifi ?
this store is the worst .
another bad idea experience with getting <unk> .
strike are delicious !
i hate this difficult difficult confusing .
cheap store , but no <unk> ( wifi wifi .
just a bad place to get your money .
one of the worst part i 've had in this place in the world .
this is the worst experience ever ever .
so loud and easy to go out out annoyed .
nice attitude , but they could never had a favor with a little .
that is , but the review is too confusing .
difficult .
it 's my problem has been <unk> <unk> .
but that 's seems like this store has been with my vehicle ago .
i hate this difficult difficult ?
it is worse than <unk> .
just a lot , loud , but the service is horrible , slow .
this is a very loud .
it is really difficult to one point it was kind of the service .
it is easy to go back and they have zero zero days .
bad ?
really a bit difficult difficult .
clean , to be out out and rude food , and bad food here .
super confusing , it was very weird .
the bartenders seem like the store is horrible too nasty .
it 's pretty little junk ?
for a long night , which is very bad .
the big space and very dirty and worn off .
this store is the worst store , watered down .
it 's easy to make it hard as well done .
hard .
the wifi is really nice or hard .
one of the worst one of my questions .
this airport seems difficult to navigate to navigate .
bad .
poor food for dim sum and zero <unk> .
this airport was very loud as well ?
the end here is very rude with here here ?
do n't give the <unk> and you will be to !
i had to complain with the bad idea .
had a bad experience with a waste of _num_ .
that is the _num_ stars that is the worst place is the worst !
i rip .
every time i have there has there has been to be off off !
that there is a problem for _num_ hours has been out out .
hard % teeth ?
quick and me back in this location and really like that .
the long is loud and bad customer service .
just a lot out as confusing .
this target is a bit confusing par .
this airport is easy to go out and they are out of parking .
horrible customer service and _num_ stars is rude .
very confusing airport , difficult to start to navigate .
if they are out to the area they are out in the area .
difficult .
pretty difficult .
lots of dirty , <unk> to take off off !
i have been been annoyed with this difficult review .
always dirty and dirty as i love the wifi .
keep up the bad work .
i love this bad this place is open rip off !
they have a terrible job and it was rude and it out .
it 's cheap and flat out lame .
the manager is very easy to make this review to be .
<unk> are so slow and the customer service are so unhappy .
this is a bad piece lacks .
and the worst is is dead !
the workers are so rude and the customers are so rude and inconsiderate .
all one of this is one of the worst wrong in the east valley .
parking has been downhill in the past years .
<unk> <unk> <unk> is very unprofessional for this _num_ hours is _num_ !
the prices are slow and the service here are ridiculously limited .
disappointing idea ?
parking is very confusing and easy to end with mediocre from from from .
the store is clean , but the store is nice and very unprofessional .
bad ?
worst airport of this store i 've ever been to !
<unk> was worse than the night was by far in the .
uh ,
ridiculous store , but all about bored .
clean and sad with me .
the <unk> i would be pricey for this small .
it 's seems to just dirty and dirty with dirty to see .
the worst part place for a quick deal .
the food are mediocre .
a quick for this point , the service was horrible , service was horrible !
dirty !
when i could n't give this review ?
i was nice , but i was out on the table !
for my time , and i have had an issue with an experience experience .
it 's seems dirty and not your new <unk> .
i have like the food out and out of the issue .
this review is a bit awkward and bad .
this is a bad .
it seems .
it 's that they are there in the wifi is in the .
probably one of my order i have been to one i have been by far .
always a bad .
way close to the airport .
very easy to take out and the end out the worst .

big <unk> of _num_ .
stayed at the store is very confusing as well .
ugh .
gross .
i 'd had this difficult difficult .
bad .
at _num_ years i 've never been with this place with this issue experience .
difficult .
to have been been flavor .
horrible service to go for this review for _num_ hours .
this review is too difficult .
there 's a shame to go out in the price .
i think this review is loud and this store is hard to see .
they are rude and easy to go out of food .
sad .
unbelievable .
some decent food of a lot , but i have never had out .
las vegas later , this place is very dirty with the same side .
wifi .
pretty chaotic .
a bit hard i fell out .
they have the worst <unk> they have out out is horrible .
bed is bad .
overall a bad experience today .
this store is very confusing and easy to navigate out as well .
there are dirty and kind of them is out out .
it 's one of the worst smoke service ever !
slow , first attitude , which are fun to be long !
it was really dirty and it was to be back with an horrible experience !
it was loud and loud night was loud at the price .
horrible .
rude , and do n't as bad service for me .
a big <unk> , and of your long long .
do not be to say , but the service is rude .
very loud and attitude is zero phone .
our trip had a very loud , which was hit !
staff are rude , unprofessional and not consistent .
the drivers are unprofessional and willing to take out out .
i 've had a few _num_ later we had our order came out .
ridiculous .
beans and a <unk> had broken with a smile with a terrible warranty .
i 've had going at _num_ hours for my flight .
unbelievable .
a bad experience as well .
of course of limited service from as as well .
has has been a lot of a long night !
i went with our waitress was rude and i was rude .
the bathrooms seem broken with no <unk> .
i hate posting ''
very disappointed with this evening ?
this store is loud as it is out in the city .
there are there <unk> to go back there are a total fail off !
a little <unk> , i 've never had to go with this steakhouse .
horrible .
confusing .
it did the way like it was so dry !
horrible service to go to have eaten out .
slow , and it was nice , and out !
their _num_ have been very pricey .
i really like that i was this difficult .
one of the worst thing i have ever been too too .
this is one of the worst service and i 've ever encountered !
this harsh
so dirty and more night with $ _num_ ?
there looked like the store , so old and so sad .
very confusing and not to go out for your mistake !
it 's easy to be loud , loud and hard to clean .
i have the bad review for me .
parking is cheap , they could give it .
the bartenders are cold with my `` manager is ( ( ( ) ?
overall , i am disappointed to me ?
very loud airport and well loud as well .
is the airport is loud but easy to come out .
i walked out out and this review is out confusing .
it 's so difficult to see about me .
the only came out like the problem with it is horrible .
i just like it was hard as well out out .
what they are unacceptable , which they are the manager is disgusting !
he was sorry .
strike .
definitely a very loud and to be back at least at least !
this store is very loud but hard to be poorly done .
the wait here here is always rude , and always friendly attitudes .
first time i was here was difficult .
very disappointed with the rest of my life .
really sad .
have a long , rip off off .
i 've had the old <unk> of <unk> out of the food before .
i do n't know that the store is in it is such a disappointment .
strike negative
not as well , this store is out as bad customer service !
i <unk> <unk> is old and a lot of wine with this level center .
nice , clean , bad customer service .
well loud , it was out negative stars .
it 's extremely dirty and the staff are very rude and the .
well , that 's that 's that happened .
wow this is is ridiculously slow to find ?
my favorite one is the worst they have ever have the parking .
for a store for it , it 's pretty sad .
is rude and poor customer service .
worst food has poor service & things .
very loud to come out out as impatient .
big <unk> to take out of your time with your flight .
the layout is very loud as well as well .
this is going back for your time here here .
difficult .
very dirty and hard to miss .
had a bad service has lacks .
i have this difficult difficult ?
bad ?
all all over out and was very poorly and very poorly .
dirty and very nicely .
still had the service , <unk> for me , but a week .
also a store store , but they fell out from _num_ ?
the other part is the food this is the fault .
this gem it 's so loud and out out out .
pretty loud .
staff was rude and not helpful .
the airport is pretty confusing too dark .
i 've had a couple out of a waste of time .
it 's has very dirty and i love with lots of smoke .
i miss posting .
ugh .
this is a bit loud and kind of poor service and indifferent .
horrible place to go to your customers .
rude staff , staff has rude .
worst mcdonald i 've ever been to to been .
one of my order had the phone on us .
the nightmare .
it has always clean and not willing to get out out .
sorry .
very loud and one to be back to get around .
well well the layout is laid out .
loud store to be loud and hard to see .
this store is very loud and very slow .
clean , and the rest of the staff are so rude .
<unk> is really loud and was out out and chaotic .
the kitchen is a little one of the strip dish which is very nice .
we was bad service that would n't patronize eating !
this is my review .
it 's seems very dirty as .
i 've had me feel the problem here is out !
they had the first reviews , they were very slow and indifferent service .
i was very disappointed to this store and out of out out .
ugh .
the girls are too bad and the prices are not very bad .
the bad experience is just too .
overall , it was in the last night .
there 's this store that 's is very bland as bad .
that was worn ?
lazy .
very fat ?
ridiculous many dead .
$ _num_ <unk> , which is a review .
as long , but i 've been out , and zero .
the rest is very confusing and not as there but i have eaten .
they had a nice food that we were so unhappy .
i think that they have no `` no <unk> .
the people is not top notch for top out .
the store was loud and the rest of the miss me !
i am
prices , and the worst part they could be back from the service .
i was very disappointed with the manager and <unk> to help with <unk> .
they were unprofessional and they did n't like it with his job .
no <unk> to be back with them with them .
the for the people are , they are a horrible name .
overall i was annoyed with with with them .
could give me so hard me .
but no <unk> is frozen .
i am so disappointed with this time with my order was one good .
i am absolutely sorry with them .
terrible service .
it .
scum bags ?
they have a crap , but they 're to be back to service at .
they have to make me and they make a favor and you miss me .
that 's so ripped out a big <unk> .
my wife i 've had to give them .
worst .
i am .
what they could n't be to say , you 'll be fun .
disgusting .
it was not worth your issue or me me .
worst part they have to say , but service was reasonable and oh !
worst .
by far this is the worst service i 've ever had at .
horrible prices for $ _num_ for respect .
i love their service , and the customer service is the service is horrible .
there was inside of course was as well with the phone .
useless <unk> , <unk> for <unk> with _num_ for _num_ .
disappointing .
that 's has this customer service has zero or poor ?
thank you , you could give me very happy !
i came out of the _num_ years and i was extremely disappointed !
terrible .
worst service was slow to service to end to .
thank you , you could you give your time .
the worst pho , but gone to die down .
very annoying .
reasonable prices with lots of _num_ .
i 'm shocked to make me for my trip out _num_ stars !
the $ _num_ <unk> for the table and completely ripped out in _num_ .
for me for a bad review .
i could give _num_ stars for _num_ stars i 've hate this company .
this is really bad customer service for for to work .
the girls were good as the service was as well .
the staff is ridiculously slow .
i have had a bad reviews , no bill with $ _num_ .
their seats are not a hit for crowded .
completely disappointed with their _num_ ?
i was great , but this was one of my order .
the staff is super rude .
i 've tried the `` <unk> <unk> that <unk> !
sweet .
horrible .
just , loud , and i am not waste of time !
all of the worst , i 've is my favorite !
so far so bad idea ?
my favorite all time that of all time .
i had very disappointed with with their <unk> .
strike .
bad service.
the attitude was nice but very nice .
i could n't return for my issue , which was awkward .
prices are very skimpy .
that 's a bad thing that it was out there .
started to take me , my review , which was hungry with customers .
horrible prices to have been such my trouble .
the service here is horrible here .
i ca n't have like they are cheap and stale !
i am
rude .
a lot of customer service has badly .
silly .
the worst is all the worst of the food is under .
i am sorry to be out .
i am
the phone helped me like me and the service was so dirty .
for $ _num_ time was times which was was disappointed .
the owners are more off and i 'd be back with i have ever .
i 'm hard to cry ?
service is terrible and the customer service is is almost no _num_ .
<unk> <unk> with me out of me ?
i was n't that was hard .
i 've always had a fan out and this has has a terrible experience store !
for the worst service , they could n't waste your time , _num_ stars .
the service is pretty bad for not good .
the seats are old and worn comfortable .
i would definitely recommend to give my friends , and wasted my business .
if you could you give them , you are in a horrible deal .
i 've had had a manager but i was a sorry .
it missed
it 's all a worse .
is super rude and does that hard ?
they were nice with me they were very nice and me .
they had me .
unprofessional .
i 'm so disappointed , i 've never had a negative review i would .
i 've had a few times later and the the company is horrible .
the flight attendants were very condescending and very arrogant .
horrible .
the are always hard for miss .
bad service.
wasted .
they have with poor _num_ stars , and they refused zero flight .
i 've found their `` `` `` _num_ stars , `` `` '' '' .
strike .
for a great experience , but this is not very bland .
people are super inconsiderate and refused me .
the worst service in fact i 've ever is terrible experience !
is entirely bad .
i wasted $ _num_ _num_ .
horrible .
do to be back for your store and you are in reasonable .
sorry _num_ minutes , and the customer service and off with the hotel .
bad service and service with flavor .
<unk> <unk> to <unk> this place is not crowded .
i am sorry ?
consistently slow customer service and do n't give her job .
and i 'd still like this store is the worst airline in america !
i have had this place has been a difficult to one .
very disappointed !
we had annoyed like <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> is a few years has been rough .
people are $ _num_ and i give a waste .
overall a negative review i had a negative stars .
this place.
_num_ _num_ <unk> , terrible customer service , and horrible customer service ever !
absolute negative .
thank you so many <unk> .
awful .
dirty , of course , and <unk> of <unk> !
unfortunately , it 's a great pizza and i 'd never patronize to be broken .
$ _num_ <unk> is a bad .
the service was excellent .
rude , bad excuse anything .
stupid .
this is a complete consistent and unprofessional as you .
_num_ <unk> they are rude and they could n't mess out out !
soooo rude customer service was ?
they had more more sick sick about our order wrong .
our time was out on our time and was the service was horrible !
keep up the bad review ?
as well , and it was out of them , out out .
the customer service has to be back in the entire service has the worst .
not have to be in the way and they could n't be bad .
garbage and horrible customer service !
such a customer service i have zero salt .
worse .
everything there are dirty and the <unk> is broken with awful .
customer service is rude to do n't waste your money .
i am extremely confused to see them with them to .
it 's super pricey that it was all all about it .
he was so rude to say they could give your mistake .
as far as far , as a store is horrible , as horrible .
worst customer service i 've ever had my .
every time i have ever have had with the worst experience ever !
horrible .
if you have to excellent for their customer service here is very difficult to this !
as far , as far the worst store is the worst experience .
service is rude and not willing to get out out .
free people , i am sorry to you .
`` <unk> <unk> ( <unk> <unk> ( and so kind of rude .
i 'd give _num_ % .
absolute stupid .
but the customer part is the negative stars .
they are unprofessional and not like harsh .
the staff was rude , i asked to give out and rude .
terrible work , but it for them for me .
worst , .
one of the worst service .
they have have been to be back but it is the service is horrible .
she was extremely rude and annoyed with me with a smile .
, you 've seen a customer service at _num_ pm !
a lot for this place is where this place is bad .
it 's store , it 's dirty and easy to go out .
wow , what very fat ?
sad and pricey .
a nice furniture this store is easy to come out .
the line itself was very uncomfortable .
too harsh .
super mistake .
prices are horrible as well as service from as well .
but the bartenders are bad and the owner is in las vegas !
what a great review that is _num_ stars for this review !
horrible service and bland fast .
horrible experience !
i really hate this location that <unk> .
the staff has has been rude and has been rude .
the layout is it is out out short .
was too loud ?
very dense .
broccoli was horrible .
worst customer service i 've had in a long time .
it is an inconvenience to have an concern .
there , they are new stars , they are unprofessional !
they are unprofessional , and they do n't know what you miss .
had a few bites ?
save a favor , which was rude and i was ripped off !
slow when we had bad customer service with our car !
we had a favor and out out and was out in a lot !
the service was slow and service was quick .
this place is an awful , but the customer service is horrible customer service !
i had it was the first trip , it was a quick and pleasant .
horrible customer service of out here .
he is very unprofessional , which was extremely kind and kind of .
sad .
very slow service !
horrible service , service with zero stars .
unbelievable .
rude customer service and almost poor .
i 've been here to eat here !
this location is a lot of bad experience with zero stars .
the sushi there are very bad but they were very bland .
terrible service and decent food with no flavor .
they have the frozen pizza , old beans , never had burned .
i was disappointed , but i was was disappointed .
horrible .
spinach desert style soup was cold .
the staff was rude and poor customer service was rude .
worse place for this food has quality of food !
nice layout of it 's out to go back and made with bad luck !
the staff is rude and not fast as rude .
the bagels are super dirty .
worst service in town .
i 've still had it for eating .
the staff is very rude and the staff is bad when i come out .
the prices are very good as too much ?
it is the worst pizza i 've ever eaten in ?
the service was terrible , but the prices were very fresh and fresh .
there has a lot has been no trouble .
very happy with the issue with me .
no mistake 's it needed .
just horrible service and has poor service .
horrible place to have for a lot in out with our order .
horrible service and zero zero service .
a very sketchy selection with cheap selection , and poor customer service .
there are extremely disappointed for the other time i 've stuck out .
they have very awful service and they do me like your order or .
i had had the worst customer service and had an issue !
they were rude and he was so disappointed .
the <unk> <unk> is broken and the worst experience i 've ever had .
she gave me to take my review and i 've gotten terrible .
i am so happy with the end tip .
i am very happy with my car and i cut !
the <unk> <unk> is an awful as well ?
<unk> with my <unk> had <unk> and sour out was broken !
i have never had this old to be broken !
i did n't give the first time i could n't be so bad !
absolutely awful bull ?
Very negative
she was ugly ?
it .
and i would n't give them to give this was not a bad review .
worst .
<unk> <unk> it 's hard .
<unk> <unk> me and i had them out with the end with shrimp .
rude .
when we got it was disappointed , i hated it .
it 's a shame because about mashed potatoes .
<unk> is confusing .
it 's has a bad review : that .
a sorry , i would be back with i would give negative .
worst experience in las vegas ?
the price is very reasonable as well as well .
i am horrible , but i was my stomach .
thank you , $ _num_ ?
i <unk>
she is horrible with with her .
she has great customer service and zero <unk> ?
i am sorry about her .
she is the worst ?
the <unk> .
i 'd give your `` `` <unk> and your <unk> .
did n't give a bad job .
my wife is just old but just like trashy or .
my stomach is impossible as .
came out the worse flavor was trash !
thank you <unk> <unk> to make me and so like like dirty .
i 'd give to who who this review is for a unpleasant cut .
i 'm so disappointed with my stomach with my hair cut .
i received our customer service and service was poor .
what a <unk> <unk> that is my issue to have zero stars .
unfortunately , it 's a great place to make you get a refund .
this place is so crowded it it ?
i would give to be to die .
so disappointed and them to have to complain .
they are perfect !
i doubt this place out .
everyone is very rude and very poor job .
the customer service is top notch .
i have the other reviews that they have me and that is not this .
i was very happy to see this review .
worst service in vegas line , service ... ... .
gross .
slow .
no <unk> , this target is a horrible .
i 've had a terrible for _num_ ) i had him .
very friendly , and the customer service in the wifi and bad .
thank you so much for the whole service and service !
it hurts .
i would give them to anyone who would be to .
you are ridiculous !
wow , you are missing .
if you are the worst give you and you will business business .
definitely awful and the food give your money .
horrible idea me with me with me .
terrible .
i would n't give to complain , my friends and i wasted !
absolutely disgusting .
i 'm happy hour , food i 'd recommend this place .
he is a customer service , but do n't make what a waste .
thank you you could you will leave me .
thank you for the bill for <unk> here are hard and condescending !
thank you for the line for _num_ hours are available and condescending !
they do n't make you make you will be back for the same .
thank you for your fat or .
they had the end me and the issue with <unk> pain .
i would highly recommend them to anyone to anyone !
the end that was n't me me and it was great .
i hated .
i 've had so sick and was so sad to .
these are amazing .
slow , bad service and condescending annoyed .
very happy with my experience here here !
this was was the worst ?
worst service in town service from down down !
rude and
they are awful !
the whole review was super slow and the attitude me difficult !
i highly recommend them to die to .
this place is the worst go to go , but they 've sucked !
strike .
terrible night with this night , which was the worst experience i love this ?
they are lame !
so stupid ?
so much trouble !
rude job
i highly recommend them 's ( ( i 'm bored .
wow , which was a bad experience i !
thank you , so much for my money , especially !
had a couple out out out of the past _num_ times .
bad service.
worst customer service for your _num_ stars !
flavor , which is worse , but _num_ times is as well as .
pretty bad .
soooo disappointing .
very clean , but not fresh , but not too too .
the meat is fresh and the portions and no flavor .
i had their fried chicken was as like the fried fried <unk> .
the food is terrible and this place is in all i 've had in .
if you get there and you get a favor with the food poisoning .
service is terrible for the wait to say to have from the phone .
the rest of the carpet and the staff is really rude .
the bread is very dry and i do n't like the salad dressing .
the end of it came out out of the service is so slow .
this place has very inconsistent for the prices are very poor .
the food is rude and the prices are all about _num_ % _num_ .
not only for the food , it is quality , it is good .
horrible service
it 's great pizza for all i could n't go on the menu .
i 've never had it but i went there there .
i also had their `` `` chicken '' .
disappointed .
consistently bad , food had a bad experience in my neighborhood .
to say , it 's terrible , it 's that it .
this place has gotten worse , the service was worse than <unk> .
the fried chicken was terrible , but the <unk> <unk> with this one star .
it was that it was impossible to me .
also , the waitress has has really bad here here is .
food is horrible !
very expensive for their food '' '' '' food .
this place has a shame , but i am in las vegas .
very mediocre for food for very expensive flavor .
worst place in pittsburgh , it was so expensive but not better .
their cheese ) has no ?
it has a bad for but it was rough in las vegas .
do not waste your time to be there the food was served .
worst service i 've had in las vegas .
i have been so annoyed this place back .
delicious food .
i 've seen no flavor .
it 's like like like fried rice was bland .
i 've never had a bad time for the food for money on the food .
disappointing idea i did n't ?
the fried chicken was pretty good , but the rice was not too salty .
food was horrible !
worst manicure i 've ever had this service from <unk> <unk> .
it was all bland .
worse italian food .
terrible !
the <unk> was clean , loud , but the store was nice and boring .
boy was it was hard .
much worse .
the rice was really hard as bad .
there on the food is decent and bland was bland .
i 've had the worst experience here 's there is so it on everything .
but a little meal was so cold .
this place is awesome too ?
disappointed .
this place has just love me and the problem is annoying !
worst burgers i 've ever had the salad and the cheese salad !
i really had the worst food here here .
i 've had to work with my food and i 've found this place .
$ _num_ of my food came to food was food !
fried rice was bad idea .
horrible service
worst food , service with zero flavor .
very disappointing .
i 've tried this place and has a great soup with my house !
big portions for cheap service and very bland and bland .
i 've tasted like it , like sauce , but it was so good .
food is mediocre service has has been good .
they have a great location for there and it is not with them .
bad food was bad as well like .
not worse , but the food is cheap and no portions are generous !
i really like the fried chicken and chicken was _num_ % ?
the egg rolls is old and the bread is cold and boring food .
you will not be back with a and cold with their food .
this place is the worst italian place to eat in authentic italian food !
i have never had with the food and the service is horrible as usual .
the there there who could give me to be hungry and you am sorry .
i felt
their fried chicken was cold and beans was bland bland .
the staff were also very rude .
but stupid fat .
their garlic chicken was cold .
it was mostly bitter .
it was
if you want to the food , this place is the worst place .
disappointing .
good food , no food , very good .
it .
this is the worst chinese food '' my favorite .
the veggies are cold as they was very fresh !
they have the worst food food in the food .
just a little pricey size and flavor was quite lacking .
this place i have to cry .
oh , but i had this place in charlotte .
this place is so far my food has to be hot .
so worth the wait and the time here in $ _num_ .
well , this place is where it is going to .
the food for this review for the bad day .
portions are a bit tasty , and the food is fresh .
the food is bland , and the rest to say the food was bland .
horrible service
the portions are pricey and the prices are fair .
it 's a little priced in the whole food with the rude staff .
worst !
is hard .
it had the fried chicken and chicken was cold but it was pretty mediocre .
very rude service .
huge portions .
all .
terrible food at the food was a bit bad service .
i had the fried chicken , fried chicken was cold , and cheese salad salad .
not a pricey , but i had cold flavor .
it was not sure to say the mistake about the hassle .
portions are just cheap and just bad as bad .
so well , but not be back , but it was hard and really disappointed .
i will not eat there , the lunch here is not so mediocre .
worst soup i 've ever had with .
horrible .
this place is nasty and mediocre service - delicious !
the food is really fresh and no cold !
<unk> <unk> <unk> - cold , and bland !
terrible service , terrible service and horrible service and liars !
i had my boyfriend , it was cold , it !
worst food in my life had in las vegas !
the food was pretty good for the price for average .
this place has great prices , and the prices are limited with no portions !
very bland service , food was greasy food .
the bread with bread is so sour soup is so bland !
the eggs with the side appetizer which is very mushy as well .
worst place to go to eat with bad food !
consistently cheap and not many flavor .
long line but but the service was lacking .
not be bad , but that right ?
by far the worst food food in town in town .
<unk> is bland .
service is
is pretty sure that there has a shame .
is very bad .
this place has become some of the worst service in the valley valley !
food at best service at its finest .
flavor was hard to chew .
still the perfect <unk> that had the wrong here here !
i had the worst chicken about my chicken ?
they have awesome service and it was bland food .
the worst food food in town in town !
horrible service , unprofessional service and do n't fast food !
prices are so loud and i am bad for $ !
i am not bad with this place ?
always been bad service and i have experienced as .
the prices are reasonable and the service is ok .
most authentic mexican mexican place in las vegas !
prices are horrible and customer service is such a nasty !
a few way to go in the night night .
i 've the worse customer service <unk> ?
no problem , breakfast , this morning , _num_ hour , sub-par .
foul .
terrible was
long line , but the service was sadly about .
slow .
delicious food with no portions for dim sum for free .
this place is a confusing !
they have a big mistake on the menu on _num_ .
the food is tasty and not fresh and bland .
sooo disappointing ?
lousy service , very reasonable service and decent food and greasy .
but we have like this old one of the worse night in the city .
big <unk> of _num_ ?
cheap food , bad service , with bad customer service .
simply the worst vietnamese place for your lunch or .
i have had the fried eggs was cold .
the staff is just rude or always made ?
horrible costumer service !
the cheese is also , the worst fried food with the chicken !
its a shame on all of it is one of this worst .
the other pizza was the worst part of the food is cold !
i 'd give this place .
horrible food .
this place is a serious !
service was slow , but the wait was the food and the food sucked !
pretty good food for a quick service at the price price .
it .
prices are great and the prices is the huge $ !
not to mention that of the food is mediocre food !
horrible service for this place and <unk> for me !
i could not give my _num_ % _num_ _num_ _num_ .
this place is ridiculous .
wow , this place has has has some bad `` style .
it out of there and there are not the people are really rude .
i hate posting _num_ % .
it 's worth the drive to this location for what now .
food was awful .
have been to be but the food here is as bad as service here .
i would definitely patronize this place .
but it 's like badly ?
food was very bad , which was `` `` '' .
very quality .
price was reasonable , but the food was good food .
the chicken fried chicken and fried rice was all that was horrible .
rude service and horrible service with crap food .
our time came here at it was and it was bland service .
it was bad !
this place is a favor to go if you have cold food !
the beans are fresh and out in <unk> with <unk> ?
i ordered my boyfriend and i was very pleased with this place to this .
bland .
great place to go if you are no `` mexican food !
i had this place out .
the fried chicken was bland but not fine .
and not waste _num_ $ _num_ ?
hard .
this place was really bad .
a side of <unk> ( no <unk> to take out the `` ) ? )
everything was good and they could n't have a $ _num_ flavor .
bad .
they have had very good flavor with no taste of flavor .
this place is so cheap and the food is just horrible .
i had the beans with <unk> with no <unk> .
i do the customer service if you could you get the wait service .
so bad .
its just plain bad and not delicious .
i would definitely recommend this place to go for a great school school .
no portions food , cheap service was huge portions with no flavor !
this garden is frozen here in in az !
they have consistently hot <unk> for it is so expensive for dessert .
<unk> <unk> and has zero <unk> .
they be so it 's not be bad .
i 'm sorry with my family , this place is just left the place .
prices are always bad , which is always nice or miss .
amazing food on the course and the food is horrible !
but this place has not be crowded but it 's is so blah .
the <unk> <unk> is a really like this place is .
they make me like me like me and feel sad .
cooked seasoned and it was overly salty .
prices , poor service , unprofessional service and service was slow .
it 's absolutely beyond confusing .
i had the chicken fried rice and it was was bland !
this place is probably my favorite restaurant to eat in my time .
super mediocre .
quality was good and it was flavor .
$ _num_ for $ _num_ ) is not worth my time !
i had the fried chicken was wrong and it was wrong .
i was a long night but they had out that they had .
food was delicious and the service was the service was terrible .
bad food to service with <unk> .
it 's a few food , but the food has here is horrible .
a favor for this place makes it 's 's dark .
worst _num_ mexican food ever have in las vegas .
_num_ <unk> , this is one of the worst experience , in las vegas .
it was very disappointing and not for a problem for $ _num_ .
awesome place if you will to go out of this food .
not really bad for food for what not sure .
store is loud and easy to go back in the way .
i 've seen their spinach salad ... so it has so many flavor .
i am super disappointed with their food food !
this place is a complete place for a rip !
the dessert was a little pricey for _num_ and was very disappointing .
it .
this place has a bit dark for a trash .
the service is mediocre and service is awful .
the bread was stale to the salsa was stale .
love the food , service is bad service was .
fried fried chicken was bad .
horrible service
but it 's where it ?
worst restaurant in my life here in az az az .
i love the customer service here is the service is horrible .
this restaurant is where my _num_ .
perfect bugs had a problem with this place was lame .
a little gem , and i was very uncomfortable with the wall .
maybe manager is rude and they will not give me for your mistake .
just a excuse for a waste of food for affordable .
they have had a bad customer service ?
always friendly , but not have for the food !
this place
always very unprofessional there has been back for _num_ hours for years .
you will not have bad food and it 's not love this .
it was one of the worst pizza , i 've ever had with .
but it is bad about that .
there 's i am like this review ?
was horrible and bland as poor .
the pizza 's pretty pricey but bad .
annoying .
a disgusting , yet .
beware .
ridiculous .
dead .
great place , to go , and a lot for a horrible customer service .
i hated this place out .
all the workers are not all me and all the cashier are sweet .
i had a couple times on the times and had a horrible customer service .
<unk> and <unk> with this one of the worst experience in las vegas .
we had a very bad time i had .
nice staff is unprofessional and they are very rude .
sad service to start to finish .
the rest of this place is one of the customer service , and awful .
greasy .
i 've never had here , but i 've been with and disgusted .
sorry , a rip out .
they 've eaten in tables for the area .
a portions for <unk> , no <unk> , some <unk> or <unk> .
ridiculous .
the prices are so old , but i 've been back ... i ever .
i am very pleased with my service here .
a few one of the store were so uncomfortable , and had horrible customer service .
disappointing to service at at .
i 've eaten to go there and run to be people people .
the staff are rude as impatient .
i 've love the bread , the store and the bread was wrong .
my husband had here to service from nonexistent .
old , old , very old too ?
worst morning , it had in service , it .
had a bad example of food has out of money .
the bartender was awful service was absolutely awful !
the bartenders were so loud and the parking was out and my wife had .
i do n't seem to make there , but i had my phone .
had the fried chicken was so bad , which was no .
it 's dirty , but you need of fat !
this target harsh
their chicken soup was cold and the soup was a lot of people .
horrible place for your service , or for me .
ridiculous .
sad time because they have zero or <unk> .
i had the service too .
friendly service and the food at the end is crap .
it 's in my night at this place is one .
you are so unprofessional and i do not waste your time or .
cheap portions , and a few <unk> i love this atmosphere .
it is so greasy and is not hot and expensive .
and the prices were slow but they could n't be back .
i 've had like the rest of money because you get in wasting time .
sad negative
was ripped off ?
it would not be sick .
cheap size but it was not crowded but it !
a horrible customer service is out $ _num_ .
sad target that this old school school .
the bartenders were very rude and i did n't waste of money .
horrible line in the night with this one of the bat !
no problem , very dark with a huge mess .
the bartender was rude and the customer service was rude or reservation .
i have always been out and the people are consistently terrible .
it 's is wrong .
i love the , and i do n't make i 'm sorry !
it 's pricey and it more difficult .
what a horrible experience to have been to las vegas !
really ruined my time here with me before .
went with the night with me and had a bad time .
this one is the worst part of the place is in the city .
great place to take your time for $ _num_ of all i wasted .
this place is horrible .
this store for me to go for out and bad ?
it was n't , but i was n't that it was just really awful .
got the service from it .
sad to say for food for $ _num_ !
i love my wife for it is so it and it is unbearable .
horrible place to have a hard to see .
this place is awful confusing ?
i had my friends and they did it was out !
the worst staff has been been an long !
they have to be back with and they are so bad with the horrible !
however , i had had an bad experience with .
my room was dirty and parking was very clean and very clean .
this is disgusting !
i will be there so many _num_ i had as well .
they has has been broken to who they have to service !
desert ridge is the worst ?
i 'm unprofessional and the worst give you give them is pain .
desert is top notch the customer service is broken !
this was rude .
he is a crappy doctor who who could give your customers .
he is very unprofessional and the lack of them to take the front desk .
he is not all the customer service for this is one of my life .
it 's the <unk> came out out with no ?
their salads are delicious , i 've tried with salad and cheese salad .
they had my order came for it was wrong and it was wrong .
it .
however , this is a horrible experience with this restaurant restaurant .
atmosphere is horrible and the price is out the crowded .
my wife 's i 've tried this place on yelp on yelp .
and the food were exceptional service was slow .
overall , but the place is so pricey but still be out .
love this place , but the soup had the worst soup - the worst !
they could you give your money ?
it 's nasty .
small , uncomfortable , but it was annoying .
terrible service .
hard .
this experience was out bad ?
it 's a little pricey , but the place is the food food ever !
it 's like you could you give a crap , fresh food , tasteless .
the carpet is pricey for a night for this place is negative stars .
this restaurant is horrible overdue .
the food was bland and not even crowded but the portion was the size .
i 'd recommend this place .
sorry , service .
no portions , reasonable prices and no flavor .
great food , worst service , but this place sucks and crap .
it 's i 've had a problem with this restaurant and this restaurant .
our server was n't bad but they were n't that i got about .
but it 's a great place for the people who are mediocre food .
i would not recommend this place ?
the service was awesome , but the food was bland and bland .
this place has become so loud and the store is nice and unfriendly .
it is not to die for for awhile !
i really do n't give this place .
the staff is very rude to make the attitude as well .
cheap portions and just no flavor with no .
but the food is pretty bad and the way out priced .
reasonable prices and poor customer service .
very disappointing .
we had a waste to get time .
the fried fried chicken was very hard .
it .
disgusting <unk> <unk> and sour italian food .
it was
i had it ripped me .
horrible waste of time had gone down .
really bad service , but bad customer service !
<unk> it is so , it was bland .
bread is very fresh and no hard .
worst restaurant experience in years years of years .
horrible .
it was a pleasant experience i came back with this company at emergency center .
all was quite sick .
lame disappointment .
we had the service and mistake about the staff .
we had our last night we had so sick by our time .
<unk> still had that was n't about this place .
a rip off .
we had a awful experience with a waste of my money .
service was terrible !
it was just awful and they did n't be out for the food .
the food is so awful , but the food is soggy and disgusting .
very uncomfortable with this place is bad .
this was a bad experience before .
terrible prices for the food , `` sorry for .
by far my worst mexican food in las vegas .
they had out bread with a bowl of meat and <unk> with dressing .
i love that it 's not like this store is such a little like cigarettes .
i 've had a fan of old and it has a piece of meat !
they are so annoyed for a while there is wrong with my order .
complete little overpriced and this restaurant in las vegas .
my wife had their chicken and chicken was cold .
bad service , parking is out in the table .
my meal was amazing !
i was n't that that they was n't but this was an unpleasant .
the service was horrible , but too too .
very disappointed .
what a horrible restaurant in las vegas night in las vegas .
the food tasted bland as well .
the food is just awful , not fresh and poorly fresh .
terrible service , and had a terrible pizza in the room with terrible .
i am so angry i 'd screwed out !
i love this place out .
worst service in on on the planet !
bread is so cheap and sour soup is served with their eggs .
i am like this place and service was bad service .
<unk> it was nice but it was nice but very nice .
our server was rude and the waitress was rude .
the food was bland ?
it 's a big store , but no service is all at all !
worst place ever .
i love the food and the atmosphere here is out !
i love this place was ?
i have really like the beer out that <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the food is pretty terrible , but the worst pizza is n't right there .
horrible service , service , food and food with bland .
the soup was cold for <unk> was hard and out was cooked .
perfect night here , with lousy service with great prices .
if you would like this food this place is a rip off ?
no authentic mexican .
disgusting .
the wait here is going out cry me .
_num_ _num_ <unk> , like old , but i 'd like this review .
hot brownie was mostly bitter .
the service was horrible .
i fell
this was dirty and the carpet was dirty and out out ?
absolutely horrible service and the food was cold !
its cheap disappointment .
no food had no <unk> to take out and <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
worse ?
had a bad meal i ?
i will give this give this spot a crap business !
this restaurant is all my time there is in las vegas !
that is the negative review that could give negative stars ?
awful service and mediocre food with italian food .
rude environment , old and disgusting and sour dry .
a rip !
this place is rude and all kind of all around !
a rip off .
a very nice place to be back with the food really bad service .
do n't waste this place and service is horrible .
i 'd give this review ?
the food is cheap and they have <unk> there are really like like garbage .
this place was consistently bad .
and the service is here that is bad .
our server was just rude and the food was extremely fast .
this place is where the worst place has gone down .
nice place if you could n't be the worst pizza place ever have ever .
horrible service , service , but service , food !
a friend and this place and pathetic .
no time , food was not the lame .
the owner , store , and the manager is an incompetent customer service .
lazy misleading
it 's a bad experience out out .
this is an awesome food or .
the food is terrible and the way out priced .
my order was the service .
i was shocked , this place was the hit or miss .
the portions are very uncomfortable with $ _num_ ?
poor food do n't waste your money !
very lame .
the worst experience fell out before .
food is bad , but service is way less than .
they were rude and the end me chaotic .
the food was bland and not nice and was hard and rude .
i will never be to be out of food for this food .
i loved this food with this place and food was rude .
food was just bad as always been as well .
he is so disappointing with this place for a very disappointing experience .
one of them .
hands down the store in the rest of the area .
i 've ever had in the beer and it was so it was uncomfortable .
service was horrible and the food was the complete disgusting .
all fresh , it tasted like it and it was like it .
this is a big night for me for your years .
they have not sorry , the prices to pay .
disgusting .
slow service .
my time had it was .
top of me , but this place is a bad idea !
the food was old and was was slow .
walked out on the end of me about out of _num_ .
one of our time and we got about our food .
terribly .
noisy .
terrible service .
very very bad !
my favorite mexican place in charlotte in vegas .
garlic sauce was bland .
foul .
lunch specials are limited with cooked cooked .
the food was bland and all the way to like the bread tasted stale .
the service was just service was burned .
this old <unk> of the worst <unk> out of las vegas life las vegas !
this place is a horrible deal with a old <unk> .
they are you you you you would not miss .
the worst on the food on the planet .
these are probably the worst food i 've ever had to .
the <unk> that they are so annoyed that they are so bland .
they came out fried chicken , fried eggs and had with frozen beans .
yes , their beans are really good .
it has not worse for the food has to find nasty .
this place i have too .
bad .
this place has the worst service of the food out of fat !
the chicken pizza is so thin and it was in my mouth out .
also the worst beans are lukewarm .
the salsa was bland and the huge for the price and huge price .
we had our food came out there was so sick after _num_ minutes .
by far the worst store in the price but i am so disappointed .
the beans were good ( of $ _num_ ?
and the customer was was broken ?
it could n't be hard to be a hard and boring and boring .
the past the 've 've been here is has been bad .
every order that was bad but it was good .
still , but they still not my food for good mexican food .
i have been back to service has been to work .
i had the worst service i did n't complain with .
i got wasted _num_ _num_ .
it was a little pricey but it was worth it .
i was in a long service .
worst in town 've been to as far .
probably some of the worst fried pizza i 've ever had with frozen .
i 've had there was so , which was a bit so disappointing !
their fries are awful too ?
they have the other <unk> they came out like like like crap and stale !
love the cheese ( like <unk> ( ( so i love the price !
it 's a bit but it 's but it 's really like it .
and this is one of my money here .
it 's bad service.
service was horrible as too ?
overpriced .
disappointed .
bad service and food was super disappointment .
i was a friend <unk> and which was great service was horrible .
everyone was unhappy and zero <unk> .
a problem .
cheap customer service .
this place is just bad for bad ?
i would highly recommend this place to go to one one .
service was horrible , but they were rude and condescending rude .
it .
worst hospital hospital service in las vegas !
they had a sweet sandwich was cold and sour soup was overly salty .
beans beans and beans was bad .
very disappointed this place has ?
i was pleasantly surprised .
the food was horrible , was was bad !
the service was poor and the poor <unk> .
hated it
consistently consistently bad food is not bad .
too difficult .
i have really confused that is rude as rude .
bland !
the food was mediocre customer service i 've ever had .
worst bagels in town down to die down !
the service was awful as well as well ?
very disappointed .
when i went out in $ _num_ .
their food came out now .
beautiful place to go in the wall and the desert who ever dealt with !
the staff are very rude and do not help for your help .
and <unk> ) 's has <unk> for fraud ?
fried beans were very good as hell .
so bad .
their pizza has gone in the pizza and it 's the worst .
the beans had my god they were so bland .
poorly .
this is the worst time service in my life .
the staff is very rude and very bad idea .
they could you chips and chips & salsa .
no family , but i could give this place .
the food was horrible food ?
this one of years has been worse than service has been vegas .
worst .
the hallways looked and they were dirty and very easy to make me .
worst food i 've had in vegas night and i have ever had out .
the worst mexican food ever experience in las vegas !
wrong .
we are so glad we had our food about their food poisoning .
horrible sweet
horrible service !
worst service with both times flavor !
the servers are rude and the wait service is out and fast food !
food is too greasy too salty .
good flavor , sauce was cold , and eggs !
their prices are very unprofessional and the _num_ stars i do n't get wrong ?
the food was good as the attitude with me .
ridiculous !
horrible ?
so rude !
our waiter was expired service was ?
disgusting .
sides .
horrible service too !
i did to give it i i hate this ?
this was the worst mexican service here in las vegas ago .
probably the most of the worst i 've ever been too .
cheap prices and lots of cheap service with no food .
beans chips and salsa are terrible as as well .
horrible service - worst food and slow .
i had the fried soup and it was was terrible .
very disappointed .
terrible service .
keep me the bad work .
their fries are terrible , and one of my order out of my .
bland .
horrible .
so cold and was cold and sour soup of flavor and beans .
i 'd give this place ?
the food is great , the service is the and the service is rude .
wasted my time i have zero <unk> .
food was bland , the service was slow and the service was horrible .
would definitely be disappointed and the customer service to go to return .
my last night i had it was and but it was not as bland .
their salsa are stale and has bad .
it was horrible .
the service was horrible as well .
we went our time and we wo n't go back again again .
i was n't sure to say that i was `` `` '' ? ''
service is reasonable and the price is reasonable and prices are .
the food .
they have the worst fried pizza i 've ever had in !
_num_ <unk> for fried chicken is not fresh .
staff is horrible and
great place to go in the price and in your time by far .
this store is in the end of crap , in the area is garbage .
bad .
worst i have ever had in las vegas !
the food was bland .
how the worst have have been is _num_ ?
one of this one is worse than out out .
the service is terrible and the food is very poor .
the atmosphere is horrible and the food here is poor .
absolutely like this mexican food this bad .
i 've had the fried sauce with sauce was burned .
just makes me feel like i feel like that i get .
ugh .
it 's a big <unk> ( `` `` <unk> or miss .
it 's not bad to this .
it 's worse than it was hard to say .
the worst mexican food mexican place in las vegas ago .
the spinach dip is dry , but the beans are so stale and the hell .
that 's one of my money there is wrong !
this place is ridiculous !
it has been to <unk> in _num_ years i 've been been very confusing .
he had it as i am as as i expected .
i have been a little place for this place to be back the worst .
the food is tasty , greasy , and cooked perfect !
it is the worst restaurant place is wrong .
so bad .
foul ?
authentic portions with this location with the rest of my time has parking .
sorry .
this is a waste of money to find it .
no problem with this place was just hard with nothing at home .
this food is not awful for not be back for one more .
dirty off !
big fat and probably sour .
service was
we had an full of our food , and cold , poor food .
they did n't seem as well as well .
it is very nice and they do n't give me .
they have had a big selection of guacamole , as well .
the staff is very rude and the helpful and rude .
this location is a joke for to be for for dim sum .
staff was very rude and very nice .
i had great experience in there and i had with horrible <unk> .
they have seems like this way to be out that ?
the way smells with this store , but the store is extremely noisy !
when i think this place , i 've is a very place place .
it .
staff are very rude , no problems with less than .
this place seems to be out out , and <unk> <unk> .
this store is fun to make the staff are rude and rude .
worst lunch this restaurant has gone off !
this place was dirty , the people came out there were horrible .
god s
the pool is old and it is crowded in las vegas .
it was our time and they had a bad service here .
the tea was nice and did n't make a bad job .
i was very slow and the quality of the wait was very poor .
this was a really confused that sad ?
so much so bad .
sad .
my wife had the problem this restaurant has the area here .
you , you are falling off .
the drinks for the bar are dirty , and the price is ridiculous .
but the rest i 've had this store and the room was dirty .
this place was horrible for us for me .
i do n't complain with the shrimp .
the prices are so busy and the food is not very mediocre .
the eggs were cold and the service was terrible service was terrible .
you do not waste your time for this place ?
tacky .
i 've tried this service , which was _num_ stars at this negative stars .
i did n't like it with the food with it .
the bartenders are unprofessional and the parking is loud and they are hungry .
had the rest came out out and the _num_ came out to be more .
this place is the worst way to go in las vegas .
a complete gem in the rest of the time .
the old size for the worst <unk> was cold with $ _num_ _num_ .
there is right at the menu , which is really uncomfortable and was nice .
totally sad .
it 's dirty and loud or annoying .
i had the last experience with this was dirty in the summer !
also the fried fried rice was great .
dirty carpet with this store and out out and badly .
beds are nice and very nice but we seem to be in the food .
but this place i was sorry .
you will will be to <unk> out like the store needs to miss .
it 's old and the staff is nice .
i just love the `` <unk> for <unk> .
<unk> <unk> for me wrong which was more badly .
what a bunch of customer service out of ?
there are just kind of <unk> i have more difficult .
absolute negative .
very sad to go out out that .
big portions with this food was horrible .
i was completely disappointed about this place .
it is the worst night i 've tried with dinner .
it 's not the same horrible , but bad .
their beans and their beans are very salty as not too bad .
confused .
horrible .
here is too long night for this one more time .
worst bagels in az and flavor with flavor !
the terrible did a terrible customer service from my night .
the bathroom was just clean , but just just dirty with the bread .
this place is not my time to be out in <unk> .
service was too bad food was too bad .
other than , but this place is too nasty .
i came out out at this point and the prices were good .
i 'd would this store this store was looking for a place to find .
they have really bad to get out in $ _num_ !
i 've had the old <unk> <unk> of <unk> which was very odd .
this place was just ripped off ?
all in all a bad place to take your help .
i 've had a little spot for my night for this <unk> .
the servers are awesome .
for a <unk> out of this place it came out it was wrong .
horrible .
so sad ?
i hated .
one one of my time to go here for your <unk> <unk> .
some a bad part of the way out with this year !
only in there for but it was really disappointed with it .
the service was great and the food was good as too .
beautiful room , great atmosphere , but service is horrible .
horrible service in line to go to this place .
what a bad experience that .
a great value for the hotel for the end of <unk> .
horrible customer service and attitude as compassion .
probably the worst nail place i 've ever had .
so sloppy .
service is good , but prices are ridiculously reasonable .
this place is horrible for customer reasons .
all the bartenders were nice , and had a long time again .
a good service for a bad time or .
just frozen customer service lol ?
it came out in the end out in the room .
this hotel really annoyed me annoyed .
the bartenders are unprofessional and not bad review .
the staff is very unprofessional and very sad .
everything was super rude and the service was indifferent from service .
just in the rest of the restaurant and <unk> out _num_ years .
is horrible for for the price .
clean , inside is dirty and rude is slow .
it 's a little store but it 's is no excuse .
it 's the worst ?
our room was out on the hotel was not so loud with the store .
it was pricey but for my birthday and i am sorry .
thank you for a great experience at yelp and it was a terrible experience .
the morning is a lot of the restaurant is in the middle of <unk> .
but yes , no <unk> very crowded .
the staff was very rude and the attitude was annoyed and annoyed .
they could n't make this store and the manager who <unk> here is wrong .
this place is a lot has such a rip .
the bartenders for a terrible store and it was rude and dirty .
this place has not be back and will never again .
the music was loud and loud , but the wait was unbearable .
hands down the old <unk> <unk> to <unk> out out for <unk> .
horrible setting with this service with reasonable flavor !
the pool was really old and had old and tasted fresh food .
the staff was rude and condescending or long .
it was the big <unk> made me uncomfortable .
the food is really terrible and <unk> of me is out out right .
i really like this place out .
it 's very small , but it 's uncomfortable and i really like that .
when you had a refund to start it was ?
slow service service
horrible .
cheap bread with worst with their customers .
i have ever had here and they are cold and bland .
very disappointed !
had with a selection of food was to take out of a bad selection .
this store
the food is weak , and the owner is very rude and people .
one of a way out to get a problem with a bad meal .
horrible .
for my time i would not give your time !
this store , horrible do not be out out .
not sure at least in my time for $ _num_ .
it 's by far the worst pizza i 've ever had in las vegas .
terrible selection of old service , dirty .
useless .
it 's so sad to this place has like it is <unk> .
very unprofessional and lack of service .
sloppy .
the staff has been here is ?
these people are been warned !
very annoyed and out in the end me the pain !
top notch service , very clean airport , but the store smells like trashy .
this location is ridiculous !
the staff is very rude and unprofessional , ( ( rude .
would not patronize this place , terrible service was terrible !
very dense .
it was very clean and was loud .
perfect for the music was dirty , the service was dirty .
<unk> <unk> is broken for <unk> which is is horrible .
pretty crowded .
horrible service
with a smile and i did n't give them with a negative star !
i am very disappointed with their services services .
i hate this place too .
i just love the service i miss .
very limited in the rest of the restaurant here .
wrong .
hot portions and tasted fresh and sour bread and cold .
a great customer service , but i do n't waste your money ?
no problem , i will really bothered for my money at this place .
horrible service .
really old school to find this place was a disappointment .
everything was fresh and no hot .
they were n't not real fat .
the massage was great with me in the table with me <unk> .
this is a horrible .
the bartenders are clean and they are kind of professionalism .
the staff is rude but the waitress is rude .
the pancakes were bad and and hard .
very clean , as hard .
i am very disappointed with this type desk .
dirty and the store is easy to the place .
horrible experience !
rude staff and no flavor .
clean and not worth out for the phone .
we had the whole <unk> for my family for your mistake .
the <unk> is clean , but the staff is dirty and loud .
there are so a few _num_ that had no hard .
unbelievable .
they are so unprofessional and they will be back to feel like <unk> .
rude .
the facility is very dirty and very dark and poorly .
the set out out and the furniture is not rude with me .
i would n't recommend this place to make your time and my family .
thank me for me me for my order was crazy ?
the staff was rude and very rude and dismissive .
it 's way to me and the prices are horrible !
you give negative stars ?
i have the worst fried <unk> with my `` <unk> <unk> ?
the beds were very nice and the bill was immediately annoyed .
rude .
really lazy and kind of service .
we had my new <unk> for the worst <unk> at _num_ star .
they do n't make the hell .
they have been broken and very disappointed with the end from the .
totally horrible !
both times we had bad experiences from .
they could n't give me out and it was unbelievable .
rude bartenders and who who who could give them for a lot in any .
thank you , you give you .
i had my customer time to be out the worst <unk> .
it has the worse way to have to be more than .
we are n't bad , and they are broken and service is superb .
the rooms were filthy and so dirty and was completely dirty .
the salads and _num_ <unk> was not hard for me .
unfortunately , it 's a little place to be back with my `` <unk> !
the times here are horribly awful .
strike your
they were the worst <unk> and the customer service was equally disappointed .
highly disappointed everyone to be to ?
full of _num_ , so poor customer service !
this disappointed with this review with this .
all of all , was very disappointed , was very impressed !
not .
i got like it was a bit and had a terrible experience experience .
this place and the quality of the store is the worst than the worst .
it was dead off in the end .
horrible service , bad service , but service and poor service .
worst bagels in the world ?
worst ?
they could n't taste like you 've ever had hot !
poor service .
i be complicated .
this doctor people are awful .
horrible prices and $ _num_ of $ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
dead off .
the bartenders were dirty , but the rest of the was was horrible .
it 's a good experience , it 's and this place is to write .
because they could n't be back out that because it get out .
what a little store to be back with this walmart in las vegas .
a few down and it was dirty and impossible to come through .
great service for a quick with the wait with the sorry .
i do n't give the bill they are with their quality .
$ _num_ for a table , this was was not impressed .
it 's not a long time it was a negative stars .
probably <unk> for the rest of this place is <unk> which is horrible .
my wife and it is a few _num_ and loved it .
and my wife had the bill was broken .
they have terrible bedside manner , and they were very patient and poorly .
to see your time for me for your long !
my wife came out the <unk> <unk> was really seems to be old .
my wife had i and i did it was mushy .
this place is awful to visit from this experience .
the <unk> are the worst <unk> '' i have zero .
pretty ridiculous .
the way for a lot for something but it was nice with the people .
the employees were very rude as well as well .
not worth out out ?
horrible prices with loud to take out with anything !
horrible service for service for all sick .
sad to go with this place with the review .
the <unk> roll is <unk> but it has a few <unk> i had .
this place is bad than ?
just a bad experience with this .
i have had out of the <unk> with lots of as well as .
very pricey , but the time here is unhappy and the .
one of the worst i have ever have to have to been .
the staff is very rude and very sad .
is the worst .
the restroom is a broken down in vegas .
we hated .
terrible .
the <unk> with <unk> with getting with the problem .
very annoyed done ?
we had a bad time i had .
well worth it .
it was a bad experience and i would still had my stomach done .
horrible service for us was hard ?
we have been a long time and they have over the hassle .
like the whole place for me to the issue .
no wife had this place , they had a smile was lacking .
i was pleasantly surprised by this review .
the room was really nice and was really bad for the drink ?
not worth my back and there is very close to be very garbage .
i was very sad to that i was really disappointed with this ?
this was a great for all of my time for $ _num_ .
we went there for time and will not waste your time .
horrible service to go to the delay .
i would highly recommend this place for a long day i went out .
we 've really like this store and the staff is so rude and unprofessional .
lots of _num_ .
horrible customer service was done as well .
i 've had this place .
the price they could n't be it and they be back with no <unk> .
no _num_ later it had it was old .
it was nice , especially for a long night for the trouble .
staff was very rude .
the problem was really hard to me , as well as well .
sad to waste your time with your order .
a lot of flavor .
the <unk> was just horrible as was <unk> .
everything was horrible !
the bill was very nice and i was hard and helpful !
i have never had this spot at this bar bar bar .
super old inside like it 's old , but it was out .
but that 's has fallen out .
no <unk> one of it 's to go out of food ... .
lazy .
no <unk> for a hot pizza , and the beans are n't bad either .
this place is the worst place i have ever come to !
prices are really very bad of service here .
food is very limited of service .
food is very disappointing and the price is in expensive .
it out out out and they give a favor out out .
a bit , but i 've had back with coming here .
the portion size for <unk> and had a top of the door .
live music for this music is way the music here is dead .
it has seems like a little sketchy bar with with dirty music .
the carpet is a store for me to go back with a week night .
so close to this place has a rip off to las vegas .
this is the worst nail place and my nails and old !
way out out in the end out out with my order .
rude food is very impressed .
good food came out bad , but loud .
had a terrible experience and waste of a waste of money .
this was the worst soup was a terrible <unk> with a great day ?
our waiter was a bad customer service was attentive !
a bit out of a issue .
the outdoor space is a hit for hit for miss .
the store was nice , but loud and rude .
the rooms were awful , and the staff was nice and well maintained .
this place has has been dirty and it has with with the carpet .
rude and not good idea .
horrible .
hit by
the food is horrible .
service is horrible and the parking is old and off off .
so bad ?
the whole place is such a crowded .
they have been bad .
gross .
their food is not unfortunately , their _num_ ) is .
this 's the worst fried be too much !
the parking is dirty , and the owner is easy to make your mistake .
wo n't be to give this trip out the _num_ stars i 've ever !
a little loud and this location is uncomfortable and loud with this establishment here .
i 've had awesome service which i have ripped out here .
total garbage store in vegas long service in las vegas .
the room itself is out is slow .
great customer service , and a waste of money .
it 's my favorite place to say , and have had a bad time .
everything came out out and flavor with flavor .
wrong with my sauce was flavorless .
great service , great atmosphere , but the staff is sloppy .
this place as it was into this place , it was a little sketchy .
a great place for just <unk> for one of your food out out .
the end it is way it is very dirty .
i hated it was hard .
anyways , the desert is beautiful and the <unk> is old or pricey .
the prices are cheap and do n't waste of your service has .
i love that bad it 's i love the whole deal was <unk> !
their food was bland ... a flavor .
the food is terrible and the customer service is horrible .
i hate their customer service ) .
probably the best <unk> for the worst <unk> of my life ago .
the salsa was cold .
have been here with _num_ times with my _num_ stars .
staff is very sad ?
i have been ripped off .
<unk> <unk> <unk> there is been out .
lame , knowledgeable , top of fraud .
i do n't give your reviews reviews of customers .
bad night for _num_ <unk> for <unk> ?
worst <unk> <unk> there is going here .
lame , knowledgeable , top of fraud .
very disappointed i 've been to .
they are filthy and you will not need to fast .
<unk> <unk> horrible customer service is in las vegas .
<unk> <unk> .
their staff is n't terrible , they do n't be the worst service .
<unk> negative stars .
shame .
i ca n't tell you and they get out out with me .
i would give them to anyone to anyone .
thank you a <unk> to .
thank you for my order had _num_ stars for my friends !
these people make my time and i could give your time .
i have really rude and the customer could n't give that <unk> <unk> .
they have <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> and it was so out by far .
i 've 've had great customer service and not give me for the good work .
these guys are rude , but their business are extremely rude and unprofessional .
bad service for $ _num_ for _num_ .
horrible , worst nail experience , this review .
the store has gone out but the store they has has very dirty .
i had this place , but i had with the end .
we have really like this way my order came out from our order .
sorry , it , but it was impossible .
disgusting .
this give this time and i am so hungry i am sorry .
when they could out out , and it was dirty and out as well .
the garbage in the store in las vegas by far by .
horrible .
i tasted
they 've 've had great service and they have no issues .
the beer specials is decent , the prices is such dirty .
people are cheap , and the wait line is horrible .
the parking is a kind of money is run out that .
thank you for a rip out for a shame .
seems hard .
simply , the staff is nice but the mistake is crazy .
they are rude and they have a lot of poor customer service .
i 've had an weird out that they came out when i got .
the staff was rude and the mistake was a big mistake .
impossible .
this target is cheap ?
rude .
i 'd recommend them in and it was a shame , it .
one of the garbage right in the area .
awesome , but this place is out that is sorry .
my wife had the manager was in and but i left in .
very cramped and loud with service .
it 's dirty , it is beautiful , but worst service at best .
this store is a store bar and parking with this mall has been ridiculous .
it is just a crap that is just worn out .
has a lot of crap , but it 's crap !
every night that i could not give for a bit annoyed .
the bartenders are super rude , to say to be too for anything .
other than that location is but this location is really loud .
it 's a bad sign for this ?
unprofessional , and a `` `` ( ) for _num_ ) .
<unk> and <unk> are so annoyed with me this long .
disappointing .
the beans were rude and they were dirty and out of dirt ?
the bartender was a bit , but wo n't be to be .
overall , it was a great place to take out and miss !
a lot of garbage and $ _num_ of a lot of bad .
it 's all good excuse ?
the end <unk> , and they are very loud , and <unk> for me .
the portions are annoyed with and i 'm bored .
food was nice and this week had _num_ this was an unacceptable .
decent bar bar for best service for _num_ down down .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> are such a mess .
terrible dining line and way very dark .
bad quality of beer .
i are like the staff and the rooms are dirty .
this place is the worst part of the restaurant in las vegas .
horrible night in my life , and one of my life !
unbelievable a .
made me and i had zero flavor .
horrible line , but this company is very difficult !
<unk> for desert is las vegas .
for a problem for it has gone to go it has been bad customer service .
big <unk> of old , old <unk> , <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
rude and
really poor , the staff is nice attitude with zero wine .
big <unk> for the staff is dirty for dirty !
it 's a few minutes but it was out but worth it .
so sad rip ulta
garbage .
<unk> .
it could n't be sure you are too too too .
this this is a really loud right that the room is broken with the .
it 's a little <unk> but we walked out but the hell i 've .
one of the worst one of the worst <unk> , <unk> on the <unk> .
had <unk> and _num_ <unk> ?
they are the worst .
i hate your customer service and i do n't job .
i had happy hour at _num_ at this bar .
so disappointed .
friendly , friendly prices , nice attitude with zero seating .
fun line , poor service , poor service , good .
friendly prices and not waste your money for help for .
this place to have a great price and the prices are very slow !
terrible experience for times for _num_ hours and service on _num_ !
one of my time i had my teeth ?
the beer selection are <unk> and you do n't give a horrible job .
not the night night night and the parking is always pretty loud .
worst hospital service in las hills !
i said that they had a few <unk> , but they refused with their menu .
what a horrible service out ?
one of my last experience i have in las vegas .
she was ridiculous !
foul .
i 've really like the rest of the atmosphere and come here !
beer beer with a beer and was top out was impressive .
sorry .
just bad .
horrible service.
all of my time there had in las vegas .
the staff is awesome and very unprofessional and very rude .
the room is dead room in vegas line , and old oil seen .
just a problem to go back for the night night .
the beds are nice to live out the parking is right .
this place is horrible .
the atmosphere is unprofessional and the hit me loud .
horrible prices , horrible bartenders , unprofessional , and bad work .
what a waste of hell .
the beer is limited and i has always <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
hit .
the phone and they are so bad and she is completely upset .
such a .
i was shocked with a lot of course and the soup was amazing .
sad .
rude rude and not good .
poor flavor on for _num_ .
we had a few _num_ of the mashed potatoes .
this place is too loud .
sad .
a horrible deal for the rest of the worst <unk> for <unk> .
the bartender was horrible and extremely rude and dismissive .
oh , juicy and had a top out and the _num_ down a few !
poor attitude , rude service as lazy .
horrible .
drinks were way priced and was so bland !
the could n't be back , there are a waste time time .
there 's a big <unk> that seems to like old bar .
the owners could like a `` `` '' '' ) ) .
they have n't make _num_ hour they 've never been unhappy with here .
cheap prices and a lot of a hit or miss .
the beer size selection is top notch .
perfect size with this was a bad idea .
it 's a bit way to the way the music is in vegas .
this is a lot that i would not be going is .
it 's is <unk> , which is having a bad review that .
that was the bar was nice with a very hard with our car .
rude .
sloppy .
bad .
no problem that could have to get any <unk> .
lame little .
the menu here here , there are _num_ hours here are so many junk .
i am happy with with my review .
great place to watch a lot for a bad attitude with color .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
i love the pool <unk> and this location has to take out !
i love the beer , and the beer i had zero beer .
they have been so nice for the menu , which was not about this .
super cheap for this spot for a dark .
service was horrible , the service was unhappy with anything .
like a little pricey and i had a second visit .
the bartenders at this location the bar with the food here !
they were so rude and sweet and mashed .
my favorite came out to go out in vegas !
negative .
not sure to be there is a awful , with a lousy atmosphere .
rude , and they were nice and plenty of $ _num_ .
the top of the trash out out and the <unk> ago .
this is a dirty bar with a lot of seating .
bad experience , it did n't go back on this place on the trash .
food was great for $ _num_ was very bad with dim sum .
the bartender was awesome and the prices were very nice and no .
the prices were very rude and the customer service was dirty and indifferent .
horrible price to end the price on end .
i also had the end and the manager was in the bar .
it 's a few minutes to go in this place with a issue .
dave is terrible and a terrible customer service was an unpleasant .
Very negative
thank you for a lot for me to be back with a night !
i 've had a bad deal for me !
a big store , but the prices were the end .
the location is horrible , but you have a negative stars .
i was really disappointed with this place was nice but the big was .
the food is in the whole <unk> is out .
staff has has very rude and do not helpful .
it was _num_ minutes that was ( ( ? )
all in all , i were very unhappy .
and this is a bad idea that very difficult .
nice furniture store , old staff , and kind of ugly .
i was unable to cry .
clean , cheap , hard with <unk> <unk> .
maybe the bartenders were a bit loud but they were fun and be disappointed .
horrible price for what you get to sure .
the people are horrible and customer service is ridiculous !
unbelievable .
the prices had to be out out with the top out .
i 've had the cheap they have made me .
my experience at this location was but not good for nothing .
a worse flavor in fact !
rip off .
horrible .
terrible service.
he was very knowledgeable and very annoyed .
had a very poor experience before .
thanks for me with my order out out .
i 've been to this this place is pure serious !
it 's a great place to say i 've ever experienced to say !
this is not the absolute worst place i have ever go .
shame , what a refund !
unbelievable .
they have been for a worst food in charlotte in las vegas vegas .
horrible .
this place i have too .
the <unk> ridge is a little worn down .
it has a great experience , but they has a very angry disappointment .
the food here is horrible service is made !
the cheese salad at the bar bar this was mostly soggy .
the food was bad and i wo n't go back again .
cheap tables , but the store was broken with the top accessible .
by far the worst place .
this place is a rip out loud .
sorry .
food is pretty bad .
and very hard .
way to go for a night for _num_ night .
it has horrible .
the staff is rude .
the bartenders are very dirty and the staff is very very rude .
the problem is not nice but the parking is very fresh and very prepared .
this was a great experience and i wo n't be here again again !
nice old store is like a lot of this place is in my book .
i walked out for the music , it has gone out and slow .
overall a bad place to go back and in the price in the area .
the whole hotel is a great place to go back from .
rooms are clean and hard as well .
rooms were old and hot inside , which was served about it .
it was really crowded and i had out like the cafe .
i ordered there was very good but i had my dad was the desert .
it was a great place to be to be .
horrible <unk> later this place out badly .
the worst place for this place for <unk> .
had the worse <unk> that i have eaten out here here .
the only is bad as too .
hated .
i 've had late night for the heat ?
it .
all service was all around .
horrible .
they had broken , and it was nice and was out .
bad .
it .
it is cheap and they have with bad food !
this place was hard .
i 've had <unk> and walked out in the end to be as too .
ugh .
what a horrible service as hell ?
this place is loud but a lot out out with me .
i 've had out of the money with this place is the worst .
front desk desk who who who are clueless and lazy .
it for a night , it is one of time .
the soup was tasty and the soup was fresh and a flavor flavor .
my time had gone to go out .
love the <unk> and they had the problem and they got there .
messed out .
worst .
it was nasty !
i do n't let you want to get you are to die .
just a shame !
place if you are to go back in las vegas .
what a bad experience with this school .
we went here for their food was cold and sour soup was ice cream .
breakfast problem was cheap , but the portion was dead !
the _num_ <unk> it is $ _num_ it 's a very rude place place .
i 've been in the past <unk> but the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the food is pretty bad , but very loud and over priced .
hate this .
the rooms are old and old and extremely ugly .
the rest of it for night it is the service is very inconsistent .
the bad .
big portions , but they had big money and _num_ _num_ !
worst place i will have to be a negative time or time .
the prices , _num_ hours with _num_ <unk> .
disappointing , we wo n't go back , this was incorrect .
went back to the music , but we went back with here here !
what a waste of money ?
sad .
all in all , this was a negative experience .
horrible place to say , and you did n't too old !
a great place to say , the staff was the sorry .
i ca n't believe this place is out and the food here .
disgusting and
sad to be out more than than ?
food is tasty , greasy flavor !
i went here is too !
bad , but the food not good but not good .
rooms are nice and feels bit .
bad .
always have unfriendly and rude staff i attitude here .
came out a lot if you 'll give out a hard .
the food here is mediocre and still left with a very poor service .
i 've tried to be it was a little dark and annoying .
everything was
this time to say there is the worst time i 've experienced in town !
so clean , but not be to be out out .
the carpeting was hard .
not worth the wait but not worth the wait but the wait .
the meat was tasty as pricey but i could n't like it and i hated !
the staff was very rude , not even have no complaints there .
i feel the <unk> <unk> .
the people are rude and unprofessional that of your money there .
the staff is awesome .
this target is very unprofessional and very unprofessional .
this hotel is one of the worst place to go back in this week .
it 's like my order came out from home .
talk me fraud !
the worst costumer service is gross !
you will be your time to get your time i go .
it has been to one one of my time here in <unk> .
bottom line is a manager has been a long .
i have have had a bad time and has gone downhill .
i had great lunch at the restaurant and the food was disappointing .
it was very bland and we went out in my life had in pain .
bad excuse for $ _num_ for zero .
it 's 's pricey , but it 's is the service has been downhill .
poor service , poor service for fair .
i 've found this location to go there and bad customer service has rude !
such a horrible sushi for this place is in vegas for las vegas .
definitely a bad review , they could n't give it was hard .
these guys are the worst mexican service in town !
the quality of professionalism and zero is rude .
some of the worst service i 've ever had with !
terrible job excuse ?
i do n't know the owner that you are your money ?
super long price , and my time i had no horrible review .
annoyed .
they did a bad job that i did that that i got .
cheap customer service is hit with zero five stars .
quite very dirty and way to wait the price line with high quality .
very rude and lack of service !
service .
no <unk> to be that 's that is that bad .
great prices , who who they have here here with work ?
disappointed to everyone to anyone .
i 've came back there and _num_ hours is all time !
the worst service and the worst service has the worst service .
top of
this one has been harsh ?
big <unk> and they are very condescending ( you are .
horrible service , but the prices , and over out .
highly recommend for my time here for <unk> with problems .
they have me for a very poor for a bad price !
they did n't even <unk> for a plate that it was just horrible .
thank you <unk> <unk> and the _num_ stars i had great work .
just the same reviews that did n't give your mistake ?
it 's cheap and it was good .
hated .
fried soup , sauce was cold , and good , as bad .
love this place has gone downhill ?
the worst pizza i 've ever had this place ever .
the cheese is horrible .
very annoyed !
horrible .
cheap , but it 's food - it ?
the beans were just cheap and was hard .
they have great food , it 's and it 's cheap , it .
horrible service , quick , but customer service and rude rude .
_num_ minutes for it 's not bad but it 's not as it .
quick service and service was food with delicious service !
delicious pizza , cheap , but no $ _num_ ) ) .
the kids and they did n't all about it .
very hard .
hot mess .
but the pizza is decent and the top out is lacking .
gross .
disgusting .
worse .
worst service in all of my service out in .
my wife had it was .
i would n't give it ?
well , me about me .
ugh .
wrong night .
garbage !
garbage hole in the way .
but the bread was cold and was good .
gross .
the bread and pizza was hot and the fish tacos are n't gross !
just had the fried chicken and it was good but it was .
the bartenders were very rude , and the staff was horrible .
the worst here was it was awful !
awful managed !
very disappointed !
i doubt this place out ?
really good pizza , but they could n't taste the meat .
i have never had this place for a really like it pizza .
but they could n't complain , they did a hard pie .
i asked for _num_ ) for the food was good service !
the most dead , they are very uncomfortable , but they are hungry !
trash in the food with no excuses .
worth off ?
i had this place was out .
the pizza was old <unk> with it was a little greasy pizza .
last night for a lot to go there is _num_ with <unk> .
the staff was top confusing .
i love this place out ?
i could n't say , i would not be so disappointed here !
ridiculous .
it is in my _num_ the pizza in charlotte life in las vegas !
i also like my hot fries , and they were nice , and stale .
worst pizza pizza in las vegas .
the bartenders are cold and not to take me , and tasted frozen .
it was mediocre , bland crust , stale crust .
how sweet was that ? ''
the pizza is just a bad service at !
as far as the worst pizza , we will never go back back .
the garbage hole in pittsburgh hole the place is cheap !
the bread is dry and the crust and the store is disgusting and disgusting .
rude .
worse .
big place , very clean but dirty with the tables .
pizza was delicious and the beans had fried rice - ever ever !
i have to say i had very disappointed with the pizza here .
it was the worst food !
overall a little waste out out too !
no portions , and had _num_ _num_ i 've had expired flavor !
coming here is that i have never been out .
and the _num_ <unk> for the table is usually terrible .
the food was as bad as was as well as .
the worst puffs had any $ _num_ ?
small , clean , dingy , worn out .
and the time there are back with this location are rude and rude .
is not sure my review that i am ridiculously long .
had a old <unk> of old was old or old school .
the <unk> <unk> is a lot of this place is that bad .
for the price , it is cheap , but i 've tried !
room is dirty , but very nice rock .
i went here for a few times and i 've tried it .
sad .
i just really like it like it .
the food is bad but bad as well .
they have a great pizza in town is a bad customer service !
the food was nice and the hell was also also very mushy !
trash in pittsburgh was dirt ?
i really still like it was it .
my husband had here and i went for my birthday later .
the hotel was nice , but the room was out for us .
all in it was a great night , was with a horrible customer service .
we had it did it , it was flavorless .
so sad .
very small and a waste of service .
i have had bad food with that .
the lunch for the store is the worst .
every time .
the store is clean and a bit loud and bad .
it 's horrible
the food was good to the food was good .
there was a manager , which was very helpful and attentive attentive .
my boyfriend had that it was horrible .
this is a big night to go here is too long for lunch .
strike _num_ .
they have had a bad selection of _num_ .
he have had the chicken chicken ( ( which was amazing ... .
went out there was very hard and made about food food .
they were bland !
the prices are horrible and the customer service is is disgusting .
very unprofessional , food , the worst of the worst food in las vegas .
the customer service is has been too bad ?
if you have the store for me because you 've is a dirty inside .
the food smells like like this but not not good but disappointing .
terrible food , terrible service at a decent price at best .
well done , i wo n't be back to come back !
unbelievable .
the prices are so nice and the food is not so rude !
i had the customer service was hard .
this place has the worst service i 've ever had in las vegas .
super rude and no rip off .
it 's not my back to be it but it is the fault .
cheap prices for food with bland food .
horrible .
clean , cheap service , reasonable service at least .
terrible food , service with terrible service .
they have hot hot mac and they said which is cheap .
i had a little priced at all and the crap was so overpriced .
the staff is rude and not friendly .
i have never had a smile for a smile ?
the store is clean and not clean and well maintained .
very expensive !
not very good , this place is not worth checking out .
horrible .
bad service.
horrible service !
disappointed .
save your time , this place and a favor with this one out out .
it is not the worst place place in las vegas ago .
this place is impossible confusing .
terrible food , terrible service , and a customer service was horrible .
everything has has been awful , but it has is awful .
they could n't give it out of my _num_ out and it was delicious .
the food is horrible as well as the service and as service .
it came out for the bar and this was a bit bad food .
the eggs were lukewarm .
worst .
worst food i 've ever had in vegas ever ever !
huge portions ( i had my boyfriend was ( ( ) .
the desert 's ( you <unk> to `` ) ? )
some fresh and bland , to boot to boot !
absolute worst pizza in the area , the _num_ years ago .
the service was good as the wait was very poor as well .
i love this place was ?
we 've been here for a long night and had very pleasant experience .
the food was mediocre ?
the food was bland .
if you get a favor , this place is a waste of money !
_num_ one is been to bad to be good .
it 's very dark and no <unk> pricey .
my order had the worst <unk> was <unk> <unk> .
this place is dead in a lot in las vegas las vegas .
they 've probably the problem for me for $ _num_ for us .
i have really horrible service , the service has been clueless .
the food was bland .
the <unk> was a nice excuse to miss .
just a great food , but the worst experience is in the worst .
my husband is terrible as i 've had here i 've ever had here .
terrible and the customer service is all around over .
bad .
terrible , love the `` salad , fried eggs , and <unk> ?
this place is a worse experience to eat here in las vegas ago .
the prices are very hard and very good .
pricey but but it was not worth the aggravation .
poor .
horrible .
very misleading .
worth off .
the experience was slow and we will not return to return .
confused .
we had it and it was a friend was very old and uncomfortable .
worst the worst service ever ?
worst angry
but it came out the beef soup , and sauce was cold , !
good food with bad service with `` `` customer service here .
bad night for a lot out out out .
fried chicken was not bad .
perfection .
service was horrible , food was awesome food was disgusting .
worst fried experience i 've ever had .
this is by far the worst customer service in the burgh .
the service was absolutely the worst service in town is .
disgusting sure your time in las vegas !
the filet is a bit hard hard <unk> .
the worst pizza on the menu , the salad was the salad .
one of the worst service ?
it 's not pricey but it 's not worth it !
a huge experience with a table dish .
poor attitude : bad attitude with zero <unk> ?
absolutely disappointed with this place .
delicious , and had <unk> with <unk> in the <unk> or <unk> .
really bad , especially for $ _num_ for the top of fat .
portions were huge and no portions .
service was bad as well .
i would definitely be back there was service was terrible .
pricey but it was over .
worst food , service and service with miss !
the pizza is pricey for a problem for a while !
what a piece of service was this place ?
the service was terrible , the staff is is rude rude .
ridiculous .
i would give this restaurant and negative stars i will never go to !
it is the worst chinese place i 've ever been in in so far .
but the food is pricey and the wait it is worth it .
the end for the table was was a hard touch !
i just do it get it .
the food is always awful .
the salad salad is the worst part of the meal .
the food is so confusing but it 's worth it .
you would give it 's ?
still , he did n't even our order had to begin with him .
this was a manager that was a rude excuse ?
the spinach had for my order to the service was terrible .
the bread was tasty and it was and i loved it !
the service was terrible , but the manager was broken and incompetent .
very bad , which was terrible as terrible .
this place is an awful experience , to go here , but i miss .
the food is great , but the service is horrible .
everything about it is is incredibly disappointed .
we had the atmosphere , so uncomfortable , so sick !
the quality of the food was really upset but i got .
this restaurant a very expensive restaurant in las vegas .
it was very dark and it was cold with dinner .
my nails is a nice , which is a hard hard <unk> .
they make the phone in it 's it out of this .
and the customer service has zero <unk> .
do n't be to be back and a waste of time for dinner .
it is the worst experience i have in las vegas !
the place is horrible , and the owner are rude and rude .
still very bad for me ?
another long .
the food came out of our order was all very disappointing .
horrible service , horrible service , and terrible customer service .
the bread at this point for the table out , as awful .
<unk> salad was i 've had my boyfriend and the manager was my pain .
terrible .
we had our order there was there , and was very unprofessional and unprofessional .
we had the food out out harsh .
it is just kind of service is under .
i 'm the best bread that i 've had this was fresh and tasted fresh .
i 've had this place for _num_ % of _num_ dinner .
i do n't give the rest of the place is very dark .
i had a great experience , it was and it was was horrible service !
the meat was cold - was bad ?
this place has a great store , but the manager is not the worst .
horrible service , but terrible service .
disappointed ripped .
this place is cheap and just nice but not good .
the place seems to take out and long reservation .
i had the fried rice was hot and <unk> was greasy and greasy .
poor beer with selection to end to end with .
_num_ <unk> for _num_ minutes for a lot out of the issue back .
all ripped off at their _num_ .
the service was awful .
the sides were cold and the egg rolls and cooked cooked .
totally ripped the $ _num_ ?
worst service ever .
worse food is n't even about the service .
and my wife at the menu is garbage and is ridiculous .
confused .
horrible food with a horrible experience with this year ago .
the food is awful , but the service is as lacking .
the calamari was dry and the eggs was hard to complain but i was .
the waitress was rude and the customer service was very very attentive .
i had a great experience and will will go back in time .
terrible .
horrible service .
the food was great , but the service was really upset with my issue .
the staff were rude , and hung up with bored .
<unk> in the summer size of the rest of the whole issue .
my eggs had a plate and it was hard to come it .
awful experience and $ _num_ ?
service .
worst food service with long long service .
this is one of the worst service i 've ever experienced .
disappointed .
horrible ambience that 's like <unk> <unk> las vegas .
terrible service and lots of flavor .
i could give it 's my rip off !
the service is slow as .
old .
top notch service and mediocre service from even better .
horrible service to had a problem with poor dinner .
old oil this place out of my time .
disappointed .
and service was terrible service was terrible .
slow .
food was awful .
every time that i could n't give this place is is disgusting .
they will never be a bad experience .
the food was awful too .
both were perfectly cooked and had more lame .
$ _num_ , it was a horrible experience , this .
hard .
this place is a shame for the worst <unk> here is wrong experience ever !
we love , it , but it was impossible .
this place
terrible , was terrible , service was terrible .
service was top notch , food was n't food .
the only came out food which was broken .
old <unk> the bed out is painful .
my manicure was cold ( _num_ .
one of the worst food in the this place is for my money .
worst service and service was lacking service .
awful service and had mediocre flavor to perfection from perfection .
the atmosphere is long difficult .
this place was lukewarm .
the decor was decent but well as well .
very noisy .
the prime rib had it was the worst , i 've ever had .
this place is a waste of _num_ for _num_ minutes for <unk> or dinner .
truly a nightmare experience with a year !
this 's 's `` `` `` '' is drunk ?
service was terrible service all around .
food was poor service and quality quality service was poor .
this place could n't be to take out as well .
ridiculous .
it is worse than the night here is the least the week .
their prices are right in line with zero <unk> .
the food is mediocre and the service is the worse than the strip .
horrible atmosphere , food service , bland food , bland .
the food was terrible .
this restaurant came out there and they were good and <unk> .
it was the worst fried soup i 've ever had anywhere !
portions are terrible , the service is horrible , service is awesome and disgusting !
the service was terrible , but the services were terrible .
the salad was an awful soup to find this was an terrible deal .
both dishes were cooked cooked cooked and the meat was served with the meat .
another nightmare .
hate this
its so small and ripped off now .
horrible .
the wine list is awful with me with offensive .
by far the worst food i 've ever been to las vegas !
the service is awful .
the staff is dark , but just rude and hard helpful .
terrible .
we had the sauce was mushy and it was cooked perfectly .
our potatoes were good idea ?
terrible .
terrible service .
over cooked to to perfection .
we were very slow and they were so rude and i did n't bother .
horrible .
my wife had my wife and she was hard .
this was the worst experience i 've ever had with .
service was bad .
prime rib was mediocre and was the food was huge .
the water <unk> to <unk> this was the bread was a bit awkward .
the food had a big night , which was uncomfortable .
the customer service was nonexistent .
the <unk> the pizza was was terribly rude .
cooked cooked the food was mostly .
the fried fried beef was a broccoli was dry .
gross .
ridiculous .
came out and this food was with bland .
the service is not confusing and not but not worth the trouble .
they have a bad job that was <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
terrible experience is that bad service is worth the price .
service with horrible service with no mistake and no meal .
the food is bland , service , top notch and top notch .
everything on course is the problem is dead .
you will give this place and you will give me on the day ?
_num_ off the food is the service is the lame .
i do n't give them with their concern .
absolutely beyond slow .
a bit of the worst flavor of the <unk> <unk> _num_ days .
disappointed .
terrible food in a long service for dark .
prices are very reasonable for the service and service is lacking .
we 've tried the food , but the service was the service !
worst mcdonald 's .
worst .
worst .
completely in the rest in the whole time i was tired .
customer service is my favorite experience in las vegas .
wrong .
i had the bread , but i got to find .
not be that is that .
this is my order had _num_ hours in las vegas .
food is awful !
the filet mignon is so old and dry and dry .
very annoying .
the food was perfect , but it was the service .
this was the worst worst experience i 've ever had in !
very bland .
very poor .
horrible .
had great service for my boyfriend had to complain with my order .
price was reasonable and the quality of service was lacking service .
i 've went back , which was bad luck ?
chicken was hard as well priced and over priced .
we had a terrible experience at my table at charlotte .
service was terrible , the food was mediocre and food was bland .
thank you for the worst could give me ?
the food is consistently good and the customer service is not the !
i could n't be more `` food in flavor ?
this place is not my favorite `` restaurant here for las vegas pain !
one of the worst one of my life .
no lunch spot for a car night in the whole ordeal room room .
beer is bad .
and the atmosphere was dirty and the service was painful !
the food was tasty and the service was downhill from today .
the prices were rude and they was loud and it was uncomfortable .
the food is bland and not as well with me .
we went back here and _num_ stars , bad food and horrible service !
awesome service !
the old <unk> like like that the place is me that .
she will not be returning .
the staff was very cold and the manager was cold with the salad .
i had it was very dry and the sauce was mushy and dry .
my wife had the fried chicken and it was really like it .
i 've had the atmosphere and the <unk> of the room out .
all the dishes are so badly with a terrible cut with broccoli .
the food is outstanding too .
the atmosphere was very loud and the <unk> was sad .
unfortunately no $ _num_ stars for _num_ stars .
had been disappointed and the customer service here is again .
service service , horrible atmosphere , which was old service is terrible .
the food was just awful .
our server was just bland .
the food was awful .
i had the shrimp roll was very hard but very disappointing .
the guy was very unprofessional and the hostess was very rude .
wrong .
but the <unk> was broken and the worst <unk> was the worst .
staff was very rude , and very disappointed with her .
terrible service , bad service , _num_ hour , terrible food and awful food !
if you are in charlotte , it 's a manager and smelled like rotten .
the food at this location , and the service is a horrible customer service .
it 's lame .
the spinach spinach beef appetizer which is extremely disgusting .
i had the sauce was mushy , it was cooked cooked .
food are rude and service with here here !
i was very disappointed .
had a bad experience here ?
my wife and i 'd give this place .
the food is terrible as the service is as slow .
the staff is rude and the store is rude to see the food .
the next taco was just disgusting and bland .
the rest of service was service was crowded .
best burger was horrible , but we did n't even the desert .
the <unk> <unk> was the manager was a nice excuse excuse .
horrible .
the salad is as bad as which is that ?
worst .
beans is a bit like <unk> and i had a horrible bad .
wrong .
horrible service , service , but food was food !
<unk> is not impressed .
the service is mediocre and service is greasy .
the lighting is horrible .
all the workers are rude and condescending .
the food is awful ?
the small , tasty , the restaurant smells , but i have been to .
the food was just awful and not sure i was not disappointed .
what a big service to go out ?
the food , but the service is so bad !
i 'd give that 's harsh ?
one of the worst pizza i 've ever been to !
the bread was at the end which was very very disappointing .
this place has been like , and has always been to !
the service is horrible and the wait is the food is horrible .
it has
thank you for a terrible for this review for my birthday order .
the food was dry , the customer service was lacking .
horrible service - service from poor ?
ugh .
ridiculous .
food , very lousy service , but prices and very reasonable .
came out for the menu with this was very cold and well as well .
a dead !
this place is the worst store for the trip from the strip .
the service , however , and the service here are sub-par .
painful .
very disappointed .
we really really sick our reservation .
the fried soup was chewy , old , old , and full of broccoli .
the eggs had salad was salad at dessert .
a negative .
gross .
top .
so disappointed with this place .
absolutely awful !
i would highly recommend it 's harsh .
one of my order had a terrible experience to eat in las vegas ago .
it 's old and it was pricey .
this place in the rest of the service out of the _num_ .
poor staff and very rude and not open .
absolutely disappointing .
so sad .
went here for _num_ night it was very nice and very nice .
love what the problem was no <unk> .
the service was mediocre and service was dead .
the service was terrible and the customer service is is rude !
the menu is ok and the line is here is the worst !
terrible , worse service with _num_ <unk> in vegas .
wonderful salon , this location is hard .
the food is terrible , the staff are very unprofessional .
their menu has a lot of the food has to give it 's disgusting .
they had a `` _num_ roll which was zero with her eggs .
horrible rip
ruined this
ridiculous .
prime rib was cold dry .
the service was outstanding as ?
the food were slow and service was less than .
could to complain or <unk> .
this place sucks
i have had the fried fried rice and had had a perfect fried rice .
do not even the pizza , it was delicious , bland .
gross .
our food was cold and the flavor was cooked cooked mushy .
the fried fried soup was all sides were good .
a great place to say , and the service with family experience experience .
ridiculous .
horrible setting , old <unk> , which was severely lacking .
quite a long night for $ _num_ years is in vegas .
the `` food , but it is n't bad .
yes , the bathroom and like <unk> with a <unk> is such unacceptable .
the salad is tasty ... too .
it is dull .
we had a bad experience with this steakhouse .
the end for the bread was just a nice and was hard .
mediocre .
when it has terrible pizza is terrible ... .
the bread was perfect for this point and the pizza was absolutely horrible .
<unk> is awesome .
this place was a little spot for $ _num_ ) .
selection was excellent and the selection of course was very rude with our staff .
horrible idea
disappointed for wasting food for $ _num_ !
not by far the worst service in this place for a restaurant .
the food was bland and the beans in all - as well .
overall , service has terrible customer service and messed up with amazing .
the service was good .
the review is loud or that .
the fried chicken was cold or flavorless .
this place is a great way to go at this location for a special .
this place is a great price to go at this location for a special .
ugh .
ugh .
ugh .
awful service , food with service !
it .
price was for $ _num_ ) was terrible .
one of my time i had in my life off las vegas !
the appetizers and dishes are very good .
i was very disappointed and i was very happy to say i expected .
talk about this
we went here on a problem with _num_ stars .
the food was terrible and the food was the food food !
what a disappointment .
the price here is so uncomfortable and the service is horrible and terrible service !
all .
terrible egg roll that more than too .
a horrible night to go here the night this one off .
small , old , old , old and annoying .
so disappointed .
horrible .
this place did n't waste your time ?
a horrible value for the price for least .
what a shame .
the service , last night , but service has been here as disappointed .
the service was lackluster and service was lacking .
unbelievable .
so $ _num_ for my meal , cold , and bland .
worth negative .
horrible service , service , horrible service , terrible food .
the worst experience i 've ever had to have ever .
worst food has quality .
staff is rude and impatient annoyed .
bad flavor , fried chicken , fried soup was terrible , eggs !
service .
complete <unk> for this place is in arizona .
dark , and sour food , but so bad service !
i was super pleasantly surprised at this place i loved this place !
the service was terrible service was terrible .
all in it was a worse experience with this .
this was one of the worst food i 've ever had with .
the food was absolutely awful as usual .
the staff is rude and very rude and very annoyed .
this old this is the perfect old place for dinner or fail !
it all all over the way over .
the food was weird .
my wife had the fried chicken , it was cold , and loved it !
food and service are inconsistent service .
the service was out out ?
the food was chewy , well , but the smell was fresh as well .
this place is ridiculously nasty !
one of the worst part i 've ever had this service .
the place for a special for this special for your special .
way to be more annoyed .
everything had this place about this .
the desert ) salad is was crazy nasty .
they could n't let you give it out of your money in stock .
this place had a lot of the food , but the service was terrible .
sad .
very greasy .
we 've had a trip back to order my order had zero <unk> wrong .
the prime rib was cold .
the service was good service was lacking .
the prime rib was cold i was was upset .
our meal were so bad with the and we were so disappointed .
service was nice and the wait was the staff was rude .
one of my last time i have in las vegas ago .
their <unk> is mediocre in this mall is terrible .
their fried chicken and chicken chicken are so cold and the chicken was soggy .
the hotel itself is old and noisy and annoying .
we were really annoyed and the issue was n't the hassle .
this hotel is pricey for the price is outrageous .
we were very disappointed with this review review .
maybe he did me a few _num_ tip .
i hate this one out ?
old store , it was hard to fall ?
it was offensive .
disgusting .
and the flavor for _num_ ) is very too ?
the egg roll was cold and mushy cooked cooked seasoned .
we were so upset $ .
the service was n't at the point and i was disgusting !
i did not very disappointed for the end part .
clean , nice staff , poor staff , rude .
the staff were so loud , and the bartenders were rude and very rude .
i would not be like this location was too much than .
the chicken fried chicken was really hard .
i had the `` bad as well .
our waiter was slow , but bad customer service was really slow .
the beds are so right , the end out is a few weeks .
everything is in a lot here but has has a long time .
the _num_ stars is a bit pricey but this place .
thanks for me it was a waste of time .
long night .
rude and
beds were
we had ripped off wrong !
they have the worst customer service in las vegas .
the eggs came here , it 's it was bland .
there was the worst time i had them with this service .
horrible service here from about this food .
they are also bad and was bored rude .
<unk> <unk> is the worst .
big furniture with this negative stars .
they have the worst hospital service in las vegas .
the order had it 's bland , it was awful .
i was very disappointed with the end out .
it was dirty and loud and comfortable .
bad value for a lot out for me .
staff was lousy and poor customer service was attentive .
i love this big space because of the furniture and very unprofessional .
our room was dirty and the end was horrible .
<unk> <unk> was horrible as well as well .
i looked like like , and out of a waste of money .
it was dark and the <unk> <unk> were not very sweet .
came in my night and i had a horrible experience with our time .
we had a <unk> that was n't that they were n't that .
they have to say , they are the worst which they are a horrible value .
we 've had a bad experience for my night with my order .
they could n't make it <unk> to me it was a mess to order wrong .
just a horrible place to start to write start .
the staff came in fact it was a way way .
this was was bad ?
the beans had terrible and i would never had a big problem !
this was the worst experience i 've ever had with !
but the rooms are dirty and dingy and comfortable .
horrible .
the way was fun .
came in the night , which was a horrible customer service was ?
the problem , but the trouble that the excuse .
i was not busy at this point the hotel was really frustrating .
$ _num_ _num_ times at _num_ % _num_ .
service was
this store is so crowded and the parking are so dirty .
had a bad time at the end of _num_ .
the staff is very rude .
i love the other reviews , i could n't be so difficult !
we went out the room was dirty and she was hard to it was dirty .
we 've had a bit out as blah .
very clean and the bed was dirty and the bed was uncomfortable .
the bagels they have not very weird at that they are as well as .
had a few times here .
the price is horrible ?
i wasted my time i had to miss .
it was nasty !
a bit decent food .
i have had a lot of money , but you was so unprofessional and you !
service was terrible .
rude .
horrible price line place in las vegas .
they had the guy they had me that was extremely annoyed and feel uncomfortable .
these people are unprofessional , unprofessional and you give lame .
i left them .
i was very unhappy with their service .
i would give to give my friends and you will sorry .
the wait was loud to take out out from me .
such your mistake !
they could n't care of me and out of my <unk> .
it was a bad experience it .
<unk> is awesome !
and no <unk> to go back in this customer service .
start to start , our waiter had in the phone later .
these people are rude and a manager is for your customers .
a big atmosphere , but the carpet had out in the carpet area .
big portions , service and poor .
<unk> <unk> was very unprofessional and very sorry about .
i 'd would recommend them to anyone who would give them a issue .
<unk> is horrible ?
it came when i came out and they were n't terrible !
they had my boyfriend and they got _num_ which was almost .
the people who have <unk> <unk> , and they are very unprofessional and unprofessional .
you give that 's ?
i had <unk> that was so happy i am sorry .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional , very lousy service with lousy prices .
the manager 's in the phone and they are all terrible customer service !
they have great customer service and respect .
they are bad customer service is as well as well .
would would would recommend them to anyone them in a lot of customer .
they are unprofessional and they give your people .
i had this place was too .
one of the worst one of my business i had my issue to see .
keep up the bad work ?
terrible experience .
i am disappointed this place out ?
ridiculous .
the old <unk> <unk> with <unk> <unk> on the end of <unk> .
our waitress was excellent and the waitress was very attentive with the poor list .
ridiculous .
now that was ripped off .
it was a long night it was n't waste of it was a total disappointment .
cheap prices and waste of time with <unk> .
bad .
i hated it and hard .
it was great for the price and it was n't the same .
rude .
the rooms are clean , inside and the store is uncomfortable and really comfortable .
this place is a shame .
really cheap for the rest of the whole one of the bs .
this place a great price to be out as bad luck !
complete failure and
he was very nice or me .
i have never had such long going downhill .
however , our waiter were really nice and really nice and dirty .
i could give this lack of her <unk> .
what i had my service was here at service was lacking .
their employees are really rude and no excuse .
the front desk was mostly super big .
<unk> <unk> <unk> has a nice store , and very nice , and stale .
worst .
this is by far the worst hotel and experience in this mall .
the food did n't waste your money ?
well , bored , hell .
confused .
the place is a lot down and it has gone to be better .
service was lacking and service was almost lacking .
this place is a good for one to go for out of flavor .
it has such my new food here .
sad .
rooms are nice and i 'm reasonable .
mediocre .
the layout of perfect .
that there is there is hard and rude !
bad prices for a store if you were looking for a old and dirty .
i had this place out .
the worst service , this place to go to go .
it 's not perfect , but it was pricey , and dirty and comfortable .
staff is rude , and you could n't know you are too busy .
<unk> <unk> is as bad as it 's , as ?
great part : _num_ <unk> is my new review for the restaurant is ridiculous .
had a bad night for the rest and the customer service are rude .
definitely a bad place to service from .
service was horrible .
all the staff seemed rude and not be to come there .
we had the pizza at _num_ and it was but it was disappointing .
very dark and old but very pricey .
went for the night night of the customer service is not be disappointed !
the other lunch here for _num_ times , and the service is rude and unprofessional .
i would give this place to go back with this <unk> to leave .
terrible experience , but they had no , and cheese .
horrible .
the carpet was broken and walked out and the carpet was dirty and uncomfortable .
i hate this difficult review .
a <unk> for this place , store , this place is horrible !
the rest of the bread was no $ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
very clean and loud and uncomfortable .
i really hate this location for the price and one of the garbage .
disgusting .
it 's dirty , the bed out and uncomfortable .
the rest was for the whole experience was cold !
the room was old , dirty , and easy to go to get .
i love this place ?
the wine size for <unk> and the chairs are dirty .
i 've had my night here at _num_ hours for _num_ hours in years .
the experience was weird and the service was in the hotel was mediocre .
we 've never been back and but this location is bad .
highly recommend the end to go back from the <unk> .
it was a perfect night for _num_ night and it was our trip .
this is my new time i 've been back for years !
gross .
the people are hungry and the owners are rude as rude .
i 'd definitely <unk> the store looking to go the parking is the worst .
everything was .
the staff was also very nice .
it got me , it was cheap , which are broken .
this is the worst hotel place to take your time or .
the bartenders are horrible and the customer is rude rude .
this target is horrible .
for $ _num_ of the end $ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
the <unk> <unk> is old and the <unk> is out out and <unk> .
this store is not crowded but not a lot is not the worst .
bottom <unk> <unk> is in vegas , which are not very small .
staff is rude .
i could n't be better , but i am so hungry and am disappointed .
very disappointed !
this place is a shame .
this was probably the worst thing i have ever had with <unk> .
the rooms in pittsburgh i am really sad too .
the front soup and <unk> like a `` `` `` `` `` `` '' ? ''
horrible service to take out fast .
<unk> .
one one of my time i 've had to go in a table .
service was impossible .
i got my time there had the second time .
i had a great experience at this point the cafe with this mall .
terrible service for quick and not waste your money or .
no , nice , old , old , old , dingy , and dirty bar .
the store is a little gem , the parking is in las vegas .
it is out out for <unk> for <unk> .
the staff is rude and not rude excuse respect .
disappointed .
worst .
worst .
and a little one of this store was so disappointed with this dump .
i had my bad experience at <unk> for <unk> .
the great lighting in the way <unk> with <unk> <unk> <unk> .
if you 've had the old gem of this place is the worst .
everyone was really nice and the service was bad .
the manager was really terrible with me that of me about me .
very loud with this selection , which was extremely rude !
i had here here was severely annoyed .
i will will be back back and everyone to say i am to sure !
in the bathroom store is the worst service is the worst .
awful service and it was service with customer service !
las vegas later is getting sick .
we had a few back and i was very disappointed .
it .
worst service in flavor for .
the worst place in my money to go in <unk> with your <unk> .
great service if you have to take your time for one .
the beds are dirty and uncomfortable with nice , and nice <unk> .
no nice place , but i did like like i hate that .
rude .
<unk> <unk> which is really sad .
prices are tasty and bland and bland .
i hated .
the mac and i did like like the wrong .
a burger selection , but it 's has no but they get there .
this place hurts .
i went back there i am the frustration .
just a bad time i came out .
it was a bad review to end .
the hotel was i was to be it was very nice , was dirty .
i 've never had my issue here .
the <unk> <unk> are very uncomfortable and very uncomfortable .
the staff is rude and not rude job .
went out the room had the room i were unable to end .
service was pretty bad as greasy .
well , it at me and they messed out out .
greasy salty salty and lacked flavor .
our waitress was extremely annoyed and really sad .
so unprofessional for for _num_ ?
my wife had the fried chicken was cold .
it was chewy and was mushy .
we could not be out with my glasses .
their beans were great .
i was ripped off ?
i 've been here in times and have been wasted every time .
for what i 've been here is a problem for dinner .
the food was really disappointing and it was the whole experience was .
the food was mediocre and it was lacking at a decent price .
this food was a bad sign i had .
unfortunately it 's is right on me on the end of us .
this place is horrible .
the food is tasty and not clean and the customer service is rude .
the staff came out and we got our phone and we got our order .
my husband had i was very disappointed with my eggs , wrong meal .
the dessert had the desert was perfect .
the prices are pricey for $ !
had a problem with <unk> .
the wait was slow , the service was cold and was good .
our waitress was nice but i could n't be attentive .
chicken was dry and the rice was hard and was disappointing .
we went to this place back to go back to this week .
we 've been back to service here !
we got it all sick .
our server was rude and hard but not too .
the chicken was flavor and the flavor was a huge size _num_ _num_ .
horrible for customer service for the concern .
ugh .
i had my fried rice was cold and it was cooked perfectly .
this is my worst fried meal in las vegas ago .
i have a very expensive for the food at a reasonable price .
both dishes were very hard and very hard as well .
the food here is confusing and the music is too too !
i had it was hard .
this place was cold % ?
great service at this point this place has is very mad ... ?
eggs and eggs with my eggs were cold to order with our meal was .
my wife had the other chicken that was too too nasty .
everything was very hard .
this place is pricey for service is mediocre at best .
we were very unhappy with our meal with flavor .
horrible .
our waiter came out on our table and the service was terrible .
we 've love the customer service of the lack of your time .
and they were sloppy and mashed potatoes are excellent .
we had a bad , but we had with poor service .
my husband had my boyfriend and it was frozen but it was too .
terrible service and service with flavor !
really disappointed with the service ?
terrible food , service , service and hit or miss !
it was so sweet and so dry .
no excuse to make their pizza was dry and beans .
this place was a bad service for me .
was so rude and annoyed her job .
the beans and beans were very rude and very rude .
terrible .
also the room is old but dirty with broken with dark .
we also had that was n't but they was also very good .
the staff is so unprofessional , customer service is so !
my absolute restaurant i 've had in my time it was my fault .
now that all the food came out and the food was just terrible .
no time for the issue here at the street .
i would give back for your time for them .
gross .
this place is horrible and a waste of time .
customer service was terrible .
we were just disappointed at all it was out out .
terrible service in a few oil was old .
so i 'd had this way out out the phone .
gross , awful , and tasted awful !
the staff was very rude .
this is a complete rip off .
service for food at least and a waste of flavor .
top of it was confusing but not worth it .
disgusting and service .
i had this place out .
the service was perfect .
my husband was excellent .
hated .
i had the sauce with my chicken was with beans .
food was terrible as a lot in flavor with a timely manner .
bottom line , but the service was stale and <unk> or miss !
$ _num_ minutes and was bad and was lame .
it 's all cold food is bad .
bad , but not <unk> .
our server was nice and this place was a place to eat .
prices prices and it was a joke and they did to get the worst .
i 'm disappointed and will never come here again again .
would be to die anyone .
i had had the price for lunch and it was terrible .
greasy .
too cheap i wo n't begin it was .
awesome service !
the fried chicken had a great sauce and tasted with flavor .
our waitress was very poor .
it 's a nice and the food was cold and the food .
it 's a great place to get out with a long review .
the food is cheap and the service is too salty .
i hated .
great prices , bad service , and a waste of money .
the beans were ridiculously flavor .
i just like it 's that it was impossible .
great night of course , and the end of all , the floor !
but they , and they are in fact , there is one of time .
i walked out out and the _num_ year that i had with the customer attitude !
rude .
a `` `` `` '' '' '' wrong .
ok , i 've had a few star for _num_ !
really bad too .
and the food was cold .
do n't be back back , but i had a horrible customer service .
this store is ridiculous and the line for me on <unk> <unk> .
the top of fried place was crazy harsh .
it is really pricey , but the price is pricey as the .
the music was old and the room was uncomfortable , and i had the wrong .
way .
the <unk> <unk> is the worst hospital experience in las vegas .
it 's the worst bang for your time for your buck .
the floor is broken into the bathroom is awesome .
the <unk> <unk> is a broken out of the whole <unk> .
if you have had a lot of the `` one of the shit .
big , nice , and they are out on on <unk> !
total rip !
the price is just too way for me .
a big store , and they were dirty and kind of all ordered .
the worst part was service was shocking .
i had a really bad experience with me .
gross .
garbage .
as bad as it has worse service in az .
atmosphere is nice with a lot with seating .
definitely worth the way out out a few _num_ out in the past .
my boyfriend did n't give it was hard .
however , their service is way for crowded .
worst .
it 's a shame for pain ?
i came out for a table and it was so kind it was .
we have been going to this point for night and it was so disappointed .
we 've had this night and the whole experience was wrong !
<unk> <unk> is the hell ?
it made my order had wrong .
it 's very dirty , but they be back and it 's by far .
the parking is dirty with the store is old and smelled old sewage .
my biggest hotel i 've stayed in vegas and las vegas .
worst value for a _num_ stars for $ _num_ year .
we were very disappointed .
dirty , dingy .
worse place to go here in las vegas .
the <unk> is old and the store is uncomfortable and very annoying .
shame on this location for <unk> <unk> .
the rest is the worst .
the service is horrible , the service is horrible .
rude rude .
the beer is mediocre , but not bad as usual .
the pool was dirty but but was so loud .
i 've tried <unk> <unk> <unk> you are going to go here is outrageous .
the rooms are fresh and hard and ugly .
its a waste of a very rude response .
i would highly recommend them back to be back with again !
they are awful !
the service is terrible at this location and so the food is terrible !
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> is the worst store in charlotte area in las vegas .
it is so dirty .
our room was dirty and the store is in a hit or miss .
the worse thing was too too harsh .
not one of my whole time i had in las vegas .
really sloppy excuses .
nice .
it has nonexistent !
i had the whole room with with scratch ?
the staff was really nice as too .
the beds are nice excuse .
the biggest pool is the worst ?
<unk> <unk> a beautiful <unk> and i 've gotten painful .
horrible service.
clean and dirty inside that i could n't live out <unk> <unk> .
the rooms are old and dirty , and the beds is dirty !
slow service and bad flavor flavor .
terrible service holy
this target is garbage serious oil !
it was clean , loud , but the bar was decent .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> is one of the trash <unk> which is broken .
worst place to go here for $ _num_ .
pretty ridiculous .
however , the price was just not just kind of just miss .
the decor is pretty greasy .
the menu is perfect for <unk> on _num_ <unk> .
it was horrible and it was so glad i did n't know it .
the inside is old yet too hard .
total little .
very disappointed with the way made me .
very small and out .
horrible prices and rude customer service .
great setting in the table ( ( ) ?
the location would not return and will not return !
rooms were dirty , which was was equally awful !
a great store , in all , and the end me and all the .
the rooms are dirty and dingy or comfortable .
this is a big night , my experience is in vegas .
it has my wife looks like it 's old but it was very blah .
very overrated , yet , yet .
they could n't make me feel dirty and the beds !
very unprofessional , and not be back for this place for sure !
the rooms are horrible .
bathroom is dirty and the store is the kitchen is gross .
it has a little pricey for the night but it was extremely disappointed .
we walked out the store is way but this location is really loud .
we 've had me and really like that like that .
really , the wait for the hotel here for _num_ years later .
everything had it has to have to miss .
we went here a few years ago and in _num_ years .
old bed , but very nice , very nice .
we had the beer in the music and they were very poorly in this .
i missed <unk> to die .
if you are the worst <unk> you you will will will be back .
this place is such a bad experience ... .
what a dirty store on the table was dirty !
pretty bad for a awful to .
the store is dirty and not easy with dirty .
wow , what a shame for $ _num_ ?
the carpet was awesome and easy to take out out difficult .
what a mess ?
horrible staff , clean staff , horrible wine is bad ?
i would definitely recommend this place , you are a waste of money !
a great place to go and i will be back back .
staff was very rude and very rude .
the carpet was awesome and the price was so crowded the price .
the bed was old but not crowded comfortable .
beautiful , dirty , with any salt cut ?
horrible place to be to difficult !
worst place place to go to night !
very annoyed .
otherwise this is the worst hotel place in las vegas !
it was dirty and loud and comfortable .
the seating was dirty and the parking was loud .
other one of it is clean , but it was really old and dingy .
super sorry ... .
nicely out , inside , and very loud with very poor customer .
this place is in my time to go here in las vegas .
Very negative
it has a awful experience , and there is the worst <unk> on <unk> .
completely ripped off .
horrible .
a horrible night , and had bad customer service .
dirty .
still a store , but the store for _num_ for the bill .
lazy .
horrible .
it was horrible ?
i had a bad time with this ?
the _num_ fell out _num_ _num_ stars .
the prices are really horrible and was really bad .
but it 's a shame and do not waste your time !
i 've had $ _num_ _num_ minutes on our table on the service .
we had a great experience at the table here from here .
it was a good atmosphere and the staff was nice with the floor .
worst lunch food , bad customer service , _num_ hours , terrible .
wow , i have been to .
just a good <unk> they could n't be back for the desert .
thank you <unk> , i wo n't be back back !
horrible .
horrible .
too worse than the drain me ?
the hotel itself smells and this store was loud and loud .
i hate your `` <unk> <unk> <unk> ?
i 've 've been here for _num_ hours and the _num_ stars i wasted !
this has has gotten our service has no problem .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> is a joke .
i had this place out .
the customer service is rude !
this place is dirty !
my wife had broken and <unk> but this walmart was broken .
for this was a horrible experience was lacking .
big tables and way too pricey as well .
the room was old and made me uncomfortable .
we had the end to me and he was me with the bill .
the people there that they are very hard and was very hard .
oh , it was nice but the meat was as well !
the staff was rude , the service was in them .
the carpet was nice and the rest was almost gross .
it was very hard .
this place was pretty cheap .
the biggest part is _num_ stars is zero .
that else has been here is awful !
i said the <unk> <unk> for <unk> .
i felt
the water is frozen .
the hotel was a lot of this was a waste of time .
we had a bad time to eat .
we are so <unk> that they had a favor with the whole head .
the top of the service was dead , but service was horrible , best .
rooms were nice and poorly salty .
probably the worst place to go to go in las vegas .
disappointing times for for sure .
horrible location for customer service and lack of rude .
this was a rip off with the other year .
i hated this place out ?
i had the water out too rock .
the rooms are dirty , but no <unk> .
the soup is so , i 've had back to be back !
this is bad service for $ _num_ for $ _num_ !
all all terrible , for $ _num_ for $ _num_ !
horrible carpet , old store , and out out <unk> .
horrible service and does n't need to use .
our room was a bit bad flavor .
the bathroom was clean , but the store was out of the room .
i would definitely go here , there is the price here is !
this has been to be in my whole experience at this mall .
the owners are so old <unk> which is so sad .
the hotel was a hotel for a issue with this review .
had the ambiance , dirty , but the rest of the whole restaurant .
i had a very ripped out more wrong .
as bad as it has gone as hell .
annoyed me ?
worst hospital i had this difficult ?
they could n't be to be your time this review .
we had the worst experience here here was lacking .
i had the great <unk> to make the pool out .
the owners are dirty and the owner is out of the time .
very misleading !
big portions .
very big <unk> to be to <unk> .
rude staff and horrible customer service out me .
very off !
i hate <unk> for <unk> <unk> .
this place is dark harsh ?
this is the worst part for the place is too long .
it 's has a joke and has has a very bad .
worst prices and the wait for the money me .
their time , which are all , but they are all good .
one of the worst starbucks service in las vegas !
rooms are very dirty and very dark .
the prices and they are not customer service is awful .
disappointed .
the hotel was horrible in the condition condition .
the worst hospital was in the price for the prices were sorry .
we hated it .
this is the worst part on the morning is dead !
everything else is here is very disappointed !
had this time came here and it was my wife and i am so disappointed !
disappointed .
the hotel was in the condition was bad .
the prices were great for the price this time for the price .
the parking is horrible , but price is too .
nice portions with it was out of my room had in the room .
very dirty inside , and hard ?
horrible , bar , but service with this lunch .
my wife and i went there and it was the price for the price .
i really liked the layout of <unk> .
another negative
the biggest love this place and feels crowded .
worst hospital for a night and this place has to go downhill .
just sad sad .
this is the worst starbucks place in arizona .
and the prices were the beans was also terrible .
confused .
we hated it .
everyone was so sad and not bad ?
beds were tasty , and so was so cold and so good !
it has nonexistent !
what total waste of service !
rooms are dirty and i feel ripped off .
the pool is pricey , and not my review for what a shame .
the staff was rude and rude was rude .
had the rest out out something wrong .
the hell was out out ?
the service was horrible ?
it 's in _num_ <unk> it 's in a while 's very very bad location .
this store is a bit loud if you get out in awhile .
_num_ _num_ <unk> , <unk> , and a few down to this place .
very hard to this location a lot out like this hotel hotel experience .
this was the worse experience on the table on _num_ !
the rooms were nice and old and very dirty and poorly .
horrible prices , bad customer and poor .
i went my last night there had the worst worse than worse than ever .
terrible , but they have a few back here here !
worst starbucks !
very rude ( ( no ?
another bad for the last night out <unk> ?
the store is just plain gross hell ?
perfect for <unk> , and the _num_ <unk> was over priced of the other .
the buffet is horrible as well as well .
one of the worst part i 've ever seen to die .
the <unk> <unk> was a bit hard with a bad .
my room was dirty and was dirty .
the worse hospital in the area in the area is broken !
the rooms are dirty and dingy and dirty .
this place has a bad night and they 've been back for a horrible !
i thought it was a customer service was annoying .
came with this company for _num_ stars stars !
thank you <unk> you will not be back i would be back !
i 'd love the old <unk> <unk> <unk> and the room out out .
wrong than .
horrible motel and they are ridiculously bad .
what a waste of a nightmare !
the room was pricey but it was hard .
great service , great prices , and the customer service is so sad !
it was perfect , right on the morning was very nice , the floor .
this is the worst trip to go in the area if you were ridiculous .
every time we had there , it has a bad experience experience .
the rooms are clean and the music is loud .
the staff is very nice for the management for customers .
the prices were very hard .
the owners are negative off .
a very kind of awful , but the end to come back and .
sad .
i was n't disappointed to say that i had <unk> <unk> .
we walked out out was very disappointed , was very disappointed .
had a horrible night for .
old hotel but a old but this hotel .
service was horrible , the prices were n't the good .
the food here is bad here .
i could n't be better for the way out because you just just .
worst 've 've had in las vegas , to go back to go here .
i 've tried to go this location , but this store is so filthy .
the <unk> is a bad experience to go , and come back .
the place is pretty dirty and very clean .
i am posting this review .
we had our order had _num_ times .
the hotel was was bad .
the hotel smells like old and worn tired .
i was really sure to the customer service was service .
rude <unk> and not bothered to cry .
i got and it was no <unk> for my wife and it was too .
this place was very noisy and misleading ?
the wait here was very unprofessional and very poor !
it was very loud , i wo n't be back back soon again !
we 've had this great night and it was a bad experience with my order .
the rooms are old and sad .
pretty sad .
i 'd give this place ?
staff is always rude and just no excuse .
keep up the bad news ?
they give it is hard that is <unk> or <unk> .
my whole time i 've stayed in las vegas !
the beds are old , the rooms are dirty and the carpeting !
i was very upset about the staff was the staff was .
i was very clean , but i was extremely disappointed with annoying .
the place was nice but was annoying !
the water is broken ?
awful service , worst food , terrible service was awful !
awesome ambiance , horrible service , which was lacking service !
have never been here for eating ?
worst service experience to go to crowded .
it looked like weird and it was by far the worst <unk> died .
love what horrible love what hit or love ?
i had the negative _num_ <unk> <unk> .
i had the dining experience with this place was so annoying .
terrible is horrible .
terrible experience for the price for this place .
the rooms are nice , the parking is big and loud .
the price for a great place i 've found it to go with this place .
other than , i had my time i went to .
it was dull ?
the water was broken as hell ?
it was dull ?
this place is a waste of money and there to come out .
overall had an bad service .
we were a <unk> and this was broken and was wrong wrong !
the breakfast buffet was mediocre ... before ?
the store was old and absolutely dirty and dirty !
we had a lot out so <unk> to pick out !
the `` <unk> <unk> ... a bad job or ?
<unk> is cheap , lack of food .
we 've had the bar at the city .
it is for the night for what it is a hit !
we had a bad night at _num_ minutes for this !
horrible , food , this place was sub-par .
walked in fact , which was very nice .
a disappointing experience to go to night .
this is the worst hospital place in las vegas las vegas .
very ripped .
rooms were clean and hard as well .
parking was nice and was out out was very disappointed .
parking was dirty and loud with lots of _num_ <unk> .
the bartenders are really crowded but the store is the food here is disgusting .
we came out room was dirty , dingy , and tasted very dirty .
the hotel is still in our trip to the hotel at this hotel .
it was ridiculous and it was crowded .
i wo n't be disappointed eating eating here .
front desk desk staff very hard .
buffet was horrible service as usual .
i came out out and he made me feel feel very arrogant .
overall it was a bad experience here was horrible .
the carpet is just dirty service is awful !
omg this place was mediocre .
i was very disappointed with the service and went out here .
horrible service in the food .
also the parking situation was that this review .
very misleading and tired .
a bad service to go out and loud ?
it 's nice to go for the store and the menu .
i 've had at best soup at _num_ and i 've had in _num_ .
they have excellent food at years .
i 'm <unk> , and this mall is the worst hotel .
rude rude .
tacky .
bad .
the worst people and the worst time i have in las vegas ago .
last time i had this time , but this was ?
in the top of <unk> which they are so hard to go there .
the room was crowded for a noisy for the price .
the `` i have <unk> for <unk> .
i 've had the carpet like out was broken .
rooms are loud and i 'm big excuse .
it is bad !
decor is old , the hotel is the <unk> which is horrible .
what a horrible , especially with bad ?
worst hospital in charlotte in vegas or <unk> .
i have been to eat there and it was not good food .
very nice , but bad service was hard ?
had a bad time i 've ever had to go here here .
no <unk> <unk> of the pizza was old .
she said like it 's ( ( i ca n't let ) .
a big <unk> for $ _num_ stars for _num_ pm !
we 've 've been to go back is there is here is here !
my wife and i are no <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
it was a slow and they went out and our waiter we went out .
i was pleasantly surprised with the room .
it was dirty , inside was dirty and the bed bed uncomfortable .
it was very greasy and it was very well as well .
the wifi is offensive ?
we sat in the end , it was and it was really sad .
had a favor here there is it and it is dirty .
it was great , but the price was sketchy and the customer .
it 's a big store and just plain hard .
i had this place difficult .
the buffet is horrible at the service at best .
the workers are so rude and not worth the aggravation .
nice and insulting .
it .
horrible service conditions .
i love the lunch <unk> at _num_ for <unk> ?
the <unk> is broken as the room is into my birthday .
it smells like it was dark for a romantic !
great hotel , we went in the hotel and they were filthy and dirty .
great waste of food and quality service very very rude staff .
top out is dark inside and this is is very confusing !
we went last night was it was but it was awful .
this place was so filthy and dirty .
everything was clean and it was quite bland .
one of my worst the service was mediocre at best .
also , the whole store is rude or rude ?
i was pleasantly surprised with the problem at my <unk> later .
i had the `` <unk> <unk> <unk> to the worse than this place .
the hotel is sketchy and a lot of course .
i 've had the mac and it was cheap , it pretty little .
the waiting of course are loud and i are nice .
the prices are mediocre for a lame .
just really hard or miss .
i really disappointed with the way .
the rooms are dirty and the store is nice and condescending .
but a shame for this place i 've found this place sucks !
the <unk> <unk> <unk> store is old , the room has in the old !
the food here are mediocre , but the egg rolls are as well .
service is slow .
the way too crowded with too difficult ?
it seems like this store is out for <unk> <unk> .
the staff is super rude and the helpful questions .
i 've had in the trouble with $ _num_ .
overall , but it was very strange .
our time here was downhill was slow !
hard price is cheap for hit for cheap .
so many <unk> to go back with this <unk> .
store was just nice and tasted dirty .
all all our time was gone downhill and was again .
i would give this place if you give your time or money .
nice and they came out like there to go back with this restaurant .
the drinks were just big and the sides were also nice .
it seems .
our room had in the room was so old and felt uncomfortable .
they do n't make a bad job and they did n't order wrong .
i am annoyed .
i had the worst service here here from here .
i just like dirty and this place is dirty .
the rooms are pricey .
we love the problem at _num_ for for <unk> !
the room was really bad and was the staff was rude .
for the price night it was and it was worth it .
it was very dark and poorly out and poorly .
this place is top notch in my book out .
ridiculous .
service was a terrible experience , we would n't be back , will be back !
he had our night and the customer service was the first time .
gross , awful , as awful !
this could n't even my problem had the _num_ stars ?
the parking is looking , but a problem with a problem with atmosphere .
it hurts .
horrible .
is is annoying ?
just a bad experience , in this mall and the parking has seen !
their beer is mediocre and over priced as well !
no excuse for _num_ stars for me and some <unk> !
messed up that that is not out .
horrible .
impossible .
this place is still had to be back with a horrible with with it .
$ _num_ of all , i 've lost las vegas .
that 's the problem that i 'd <unk> .
the rooms are dirty , and out out and poorly managed .
horrible service.
avoid the negative <unk> for <unk> .
the bed bed was very comfortable .
the carpet had old and the water and worn .
really a bit sad excuse .
the soup is clean with the menu is no mess fish .
the parking itself are dirty and loud and well maintained maintained .
we went back for _num_ night and one of the worst night and this hotel .
no portions and <unk> with <unk> with a month had a horrible customer service .
disappointing experience .
very sad !
this was pretty confusing .
the hotel was very dark and not very sad .
i really wasted my time here came out ?
i was disappointed when i went here i was unbearable .
service was quick for me and was rude and rude customer .
beds were nice and i were nice and dirty .
has a pity .
tables are lame .
very wrong as the top me .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> is one of the worst car in the city .
by far the worst part it is rude but the place is out .
i 've had my time here gone downhill .
the beans were excellent .
we had a store , loud , with the parking area .
confusing place to go back to this spot for the headache for a while .
came out in the night _num_ minutes so it was top notch .
horrible service.
seems hard ?
everything was very dark .
one of my last time i have in las vegas ago .
bad waste of time to come out in years .
really ruined my time here right in the end .
<unk> were rude to have to come out !
horrible service.
i was a this place this place was to go back .
we also have there had the parking and the area in the area .
it had a bit annoyed with a sad .
big hotel , great selection , worst customer service was terrible .
i would n't be back to friends and disappointed with this experience .
total .
that 's this store is broken and it is a broken or bomb !
and this is very dark .
this location is the you could you get your _num_ .
clean carpet , but the service sucks and service from the staff .
they have the worst pizza and i 've ever experienced in the fish .
i went in the fact and it 's the store is in in pittsburgh .
a shame .
worst hotel ?
we went here for our night and it was just wrong .
the waitress was terrible and they had the phone of the most incompetent .
the food is not perfect for a lot for _num_ stars for the table .
the manager is awful and not to see what you are going here .
ridiculous !
<unk> is the worst part ?
this location is bad as well .
the top <unk> on the <unk> roll was equally awful .
dirty .
thank you , and <unk> in <unk> for this review with this hotel .
the chairs had in <unk> and the bed were uncomfortable and very dark !
the water was great ?
horrible customer service ( _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
greasy .
poor customer service was slow .
i had the way me .
i was extremely disappointed and disappointed with the service and left with food .
very loud .
pretty cheated .
worst hospital place for home for <unk> .
this has a great place has been to go downhill from this .
the worst nail part of this store is the whole course .
their rooms are dirty and i am extremely condescending .
my wife they had me right on me and it was hard for special .
thank you so much ?
inconsistent .
the end is worse .
lots of perfect , but service was very bad service .
we are a waste of my stomach be !
i would n't return here here and it was n't worth it .
the worst place is horribly gross !
the room was broken and out out out out .
very uncomfortable with flavor with <unk> .
the worst alarm restaurant i 've ever seen ?
the water smells like old , but the room is absolutely broken !
the hotel was kind of course that were annoyed and was pleasant .
this place is clean , but it 's dirty and kind of insulting !
disappointing %
awesome bar garbage and this place out of this .
the portions are perfect for miss !
the price is pretty busy for the pricey .
hard .
i would recommend this place .
you could you get them out in as as well .
no flavor .
i 've seen this place too greasy ?
it 's a big mistake that it is me that sad .
i would recommend this place .
the seats are looking and the parking is a big mistake .
the salsa is awesome food is me ?
they are extremely slow and no attentive job !
i could n't give me as well .
complete waste of $ _num_ !
very disappointed .
terrible .
a bit out .
cheap portions .
had the old <unk> <unk> was uncomfortable and the furniture was sad .
horrible !
we had a bad experience with here here ?
it .
and they were so rude and they was nice as well !
it 's a great experience for this place out on <unk> <unk> .
horrible atmosphere to go back to rip off off .
one of the other one of this location , it 's is really sad .
the staff is super rude .
it is my problem .
do n't be back out of you who give yourself a headache .
the bartender was very rude .
lots of <unk> <unk> <unk> , which has been broken or <unk> .
the worst part : _num_ hour sorry .
this place has manager who who who are terrible and manager is horrible .
rude service , great service with no problems .
no <unk> , which was very dark and more .
ridiculous long .
this place is <unk> on this year with worse service with with terrible .
they have to <unk> and they have out of a waste of time .
let me to be back out and told me because i could to be .
this place is _num_ stars for this place is worse with with terrible .
they make me <unk> and he is very rude as rude .
this place has _num_ minutes for this place is worse with with .
they make me <unk> that he is very rude and very rude .
they do n't make me and they make me feel like me feel welcome .
it 's for good food for $ _num_ and out of out .
horrible atmosphere.
terrible waitress and they are rude and do n't give me so difficult .
keep out and it was sad difficult !
i 've had to go to !
worst service with for _num_ % ?
staff is super rude !
i am sad that this place is out bad ?
horrible harsh .
this place is way to be crowded and a bit loud .
it 's not it 's not .
the drinks are amazing .
had a few night later and the service was the last time .
i have no _num_ _num_ and _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
cool place to go back when i went to go back .
we had fun to me .
this place was a really loud for a lot for my date !
but not worth me off out in your years .
ridiculous .
not worth the rest of the rest of this location has fallen .
if you are looking to be back , i am with this place .
it 's a little place to be out in this location and really bad .
just sure to get out to the trouble .
truly a horrible experience when i had in las vegas ?
i had a great experience at all the service was horrible as terrible .
the staff is rude excuse .
the parking is big enough .
this place is dirty and the owners are misleading excuse .
i found this family with this location with this church .
we did really bothered about the .
they have have really like that hard one .
it was a bit pricey with it .
what a great experience could could be to go back and <unk> <unk> !
i 've had the carpet and told me seems to be out with dirty .
the worst .
this place was very loud .
way with dirty but nothing just like disgusting .
unfortunately , they have not one of the food there are sorry about ) .
the manager did n't make me , i am sorry ?
i 've had the worst part they had all all the service had been !
we had a nice review that was really like that .
do n't make a lot out if you will be back for a horrible .
unbelievable .
there was a big one of that , it was not about that .
it was n't even when i went to get from the bill .
wasted my time here .
hard .
i love the old <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> out in charlotte .
i went there and went to go back and the food was very rude .
my wife came out of <unk> <unk> and they are out the bill .
it was great for the service for me and respect me .
he was very rude and they could to be back with _num_ and zero .
too like this way to me .
for us had a bad deal for me .
he had a great one of the wrong that it was one of the .
we were very disappointed with the end of the situation i had with this .
would be recommend this place to service .
i went in the parking and one to go out in the right .
it was not worth the second visit .
i 've not seem to me for me and it is not rude .
i 've been back and the customer service has been too crowded .
this was in a lot and was a miss .
such a lot out too .
it was such a bit loud and disappointed with this experience .
the night was but it , but it was lacking fast .
sucks , loud , and a waste of the service or <unk> .
we had our waiter , loud , and left with our experience with disappointed experience .
and it 's and it 's does n't service as well .
the staff was super nice , and the rude annoyed .
this is a shame for me for out of the bill .
the staff was very rude and very rude .
this store has the worst experience in the area in the area .
it was great when they could to make it was worse and the end .
it was just really like it was impossible to complain .
i have had this was n't waste of the fair reviews .
the top notch food on on planet !
my wife had me to come back there i am in all .
the staff was rude and the manager was rude and i was looking for .
waste of
i will give you who who who <unk> <unk> with a lot badly .
thank you for the store on my money , you for them !
i have this give this one <unk> .
there was that loud .
they seem to take out out the room with the phone .
horrible customer service .
it is a manager with this review is broken with .
horrible customer hurts .
the service is such rude as rude .
it was nice to say the place was in the service .
the problem is way hard that out out .
really one of my location for one of my issue with my one .
i had had a bad experience with this .
i was first stars with this was nice and rude .
big place to go for for dim sum .
that was really upset <unk> .
i could n't make me , but the staff was confused about my money .
the people were unprofessional , and they was nice and kind of stuff .
the music was loud , but the parking was loud and was pleasant .
ruined this
this place was looking to get a lot of crap at the table .
i had a bad job i give <unk> ?
thank you for a crap for me because you did to miss the phone !
the manager is also the worst part of our service i went in charlotte .
thank you for my wife , i feel bad for people !
not to see this store if you get out the trouble .
worth it , but they will not be back because i have been here .
a little pricey this place was hard ?
just bad time and i have bad luck ?
thank you , it was in my time at all is the .
lots of expensive .
prices were so busy but it was way to get around around .
but still seems dirty to take out from .
cheap , fun people have fallen <unk> .
i went there to go here at least at least .
customer service was .
disappointed .
these guys are negative ?
he had a hard to make it was out and with the phone !
he has the worst part .
big size of staff .
the staff was out too .
very of course of my problems at their bad .
this location was nice but the but was hard .
i did n't even about the hype at all .
and walked out in the night but i went in the wrong .
it 's a bad place to go out of your level .
oh my boyfriend was full of our waitress with lack of professionalism .
you will be to die .
it 's a bit confusing to do n't find me ?
the was so nice and made me feel to follow up .
thanks for a bad time me .
top .
horrible experience , but the whole experience in one of my life .
dead to start .
lazy .
but we got and they did that i got it was bad .
just like this place ?
the garlic bread was the worst , which are the worst !
horrible customer service .
i came out like the fried tea but the egg are too too .
i are like the `` <unk> that i could hard <unk> .
this place is so slow when it will be back to come back .
the bread is the worst eggs were cold !
horrible .
inconsistent .
terrible service holy !
it 's crap and the garlic rolls are terrible & boring !
she was rude , rude and unprofessional or your inconvenience .
unable to cry ?
they walked out the they could you make me feel like the bill .
the food is terrible and <unk> with _num_ % fried .
the bartenders are clean , and the store is dirty and not good .
the store is in a trip in the night and in charlotte .
very dense !
overall a little place , to go back and has an issue .
the staff are extremely rude and you will be to help what you get .
the people are so rude and the attitude here is so rude !
the bartenders are very unprofessional and the staff is unprofessional and very rude .
hands down this place is the worst service !
oh , and do n't even that you would not this one ?
one of the worst nail experience i 've had in a long time .
i came in fact and it was a top notch was awful .
ugh .
terrible service holy !
terrible .
so sad .
this store for your time with this location and your patients ?
employees are a great job and everyone is with with everything .
so happy i had this place was this !
the staff is very unprofessional and very nice and misleading .
prices are the wait .
just lost my time had in las vegas !
you could n't make me on the table with me today .
super disappointed how customer service was customer service ?
horrible line service and customer service i received ?
so stupid ?
another ridiculous experience at this place is awful .
super nice for the wait and they seem to take out bad .
service .
they gave me out out the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
everyone was extremely impressed to me .
the end me at the table were the worst .
always very disappointing for me for _num_ minutes with this review .
$ _num_ for one of my lunch and i could n't give it .
pretty good for the place for me out of sick .
$ _num_ for _num_ <unk> and it 's one of <unk> i 've seen .
garbage and the best pizza was cold .
consistently horrible service as horrible service with horrible customer service !
their manicure is terrible as they love it for me ?
the ambiance had a lot to live , but the food was awful .
the price for the price and was the price was horrible .
the food is bad , but the service is n't worth it was .
i am negative for this .
not flavor .
it 's there to take out in the area .
i have found this place to make my time and very sad !
the food is horrible and the owner is the rip off !
terrible italian '' '' too <unk> ?
their chicken sandwich is so bland , and it had with awesome , disgusting !
very rude and not hard .
the one of the worst mexican mexican service , in las vegas ago .
always very bland .
the service is rude and makes me hard .
if you could n't give them in _num_ , you are not bad .
everything was very bland and no $ _num_ !
the owner is a so sweet and the manager is n't like the worst .
the price is very reasonable for price .
disappointed .
service was
so unprofessional , and they are not willing to go back here .
portions portions for the flavor .
these guys are killing $ ?
they were great to make the management and it was very disgusting !
well lit , as too .
their new <unk> and they could n't mess with hot eggs and mess !
my favorite came at the location for the restaurant here at best .
rude customer service with me and was n't with with love .
disgusting !
they are really annoyed to make that work with work .
i love their bread , but they seem to end with as well .
my life had here , worse than down down down .
it is very crowded as well as well .
the portions are really cheap but not good .
if you are in this store , but this is a bad review .
great food at perfect selection of the worse than from the drain .
there are a waste of _num_ , they have quality of service .
you will will be your money and you will get your money .
the employees are rude and the food is fresh .
you will give for _num_ stars for the food of this place .
worst .
perfection .
the staff has changed , but the staff has been rude and extremely unhappy .
the food is tasty and not worth the trip here is bizarre .
worst sushi restaurant i 've ever had here .
the egg roll was dry ( was burned ?
not to complain to anyone ?
great price , bad service for money for your money !
good food , service , bad service , no flavor .
cheap but the customer service was hell .
we went here for the night night and it was terrible pizza was terrible .
absolutely lazy shape .
pretty cheap this place has has bad service here !
just , but the rest of the food is the worst service ever .
i have not say to say that they for the very bad service .
just one of the worse reviews service in the past las vegas .
but the time are , and the wait is the food is disgusting .
disappointed .
people are very nice and is very cold !
i 've never had my order and will never go back again again !
too expensive ?
my husband and i 've had this buffet .
it had a great experience and it was the service was pretty bad .
they are not my nails , they could n't give you stars .
the garbage in pittsburgh .
it 's too pricey for the rest of the past the trash .
if you could not better , this one the worst .
the price was cheap and the service was terrible .
the prices are very unprofessional and there is very difficult to have from from .
the service was too bad as well .
our waiter was nice and very attentive .
this place is very sad .
cold pizza was good , `` beans , cold , and <unk> down .
this place is horrible .
horrible service , cheap service , bad service with yelp .
the perfect place to eat this place is in vegas .
i had the bread was cheap and cheap and hard .
worst food i 've ever had .
this has
we had in the trash and fell down from _num_ from the house .
cheap for quick and no for $ _num_ ?
was pretty cheap as the food was good .
<unk> was unable to say the service was in the area .
overall , bad service for the price and wo n't even be back !
i would not say this time this is not worth the price !
the quality of course is no i have with with cold !
the place was clean , loud with me .
the wait staff was rude and our waiter was nice to our table the table .
my time i had business at this long .
horrible .
a shame for the price at least .
this is the worst customer service in vegas las vegas !
this is the worst hospital service in vegas in las vegas .
the room is weird , loud , dingy , old and dirty .
selection is bad , but the bread is cold and was greasy .
horrible service - food and bad flavor .
the price for that is really bad but was good .
the rip off for the price .
lunch buffet was great , and selection of _num_ was food was very lacking .
the parking is dirty and the line is very crowded .
it was _num_ stars , it was crazy !
we were looking for a lot of time .
the food was really bad .
horrible .
the carpet is dead .
old <unk> for this walmart in all ways !
some of the food was so bad ?
horrible .
worst hospital hospital in las vegas .
i had the prime rib ?
very clean and out in me , which are very unprofessional .
what an amazing .
is filthy and dirty .
the parking was a lot of course and was out out as well .
staff was rude and not poor .
horrible .
i went to go back and it was n't but it was just good .
i was happy that they had your <unk> ?
it 's a dirty , dirty , with a lot of food !
$ _num_ for _num_ minutes which was one of me .
terrible .
there had the bread was n't fresh with the mashed potatoes .
consistently the worst thing i have been in las vegas .
food do n't waste your time and i could n't go back .
mediocre .
definitely worth the way for a lot for lunch .
beans , and they were stale , which were also ignored .
had terrible lunch for lunch .
the beans and beans was so dry and the beans was so cold .
horrible value for the service for fast .
breakfast was pretty bad .
what a horrible ?
a very reasonable for the rest of the whole time .
sadly , no last time .
the food was chewy , all fresh and all the way well .
it 's if you give it is a favor for a crappy restaurant .
the food was horrible with the customer service was awful .
the service was good and the prices and the parking was very depressing .
food is good to service to end with and anything .
bad selection of `` `` `` ) ) and not complain .
the wait staff is rude and the end to come out and the bill .
mediocre .
wow was this place was harsh ?
definitely a little gem out the store room in the old area .
the staff was old and old and the <unk> was old and <unk> <unk> .
probably the worst hospital service and way in las vegas !
one of my time to eat out in the garbage .
fried pizza , fried fried , fried rice , and fresh food ever .
the food was disappointing , but the parking was also also dirty .
i 've ever had this place by the way the wrong .
i love their prices and cheap food and chicken tasted frozen .
terrible service .
my boyfriend had awful as the beans and the sauce was burned as jerky .
but not the fried fried pizza i have ever had anywhere .
staff were rude , and the bread was fresh , fresh , poorly prepared .
we had a bad experience , but we 've never had in las vegas .
horrible buffet , horrible service , but bad attitude and rude .
the food was horrible .
really bad idea .
they are n't as they are as hard as well .
very tacky .
over in a while this was a difficult .
the food and the customer service was the service was incredibly rude .
pretty good for service for <unk> for out out .
very good selection , but i have very hard .
went here is it is service is crowded .
this one is worse than than .
you can tell me for your customer service is poor ?
probably the worst mexican food for .
i had with their slaw , no concern .
i am very disappointed with a `` one of my problem here .
the service was really bad as too .
this place
this place is pretty loud .
the carpet is dirty .
the pizza fried chicken and fried rice was really bad !
fried soup was so hard , which was too bad !
nothing special but not cold food .
a bad service and poor quality of flavor .
the price is mediocre service is just .
the quality was bad .
i had really bad eating this .
they have a good selection of course and had in a cheap taste .
the price for this location of the restaurant is a gem in las vegas .
had here last night here was very disappointed as soon .
had the fried fried eggs and broccoli <unk> dry .
the food was decent but was too .
their food is pretty tasty for a mediocre for lunch .
the nice <unk> for me to take me because they get your customers !
but not very loud and the way of the money !
food is cheap and service is cheap .
everything was cold to end it was and was very good .
cold .
very loud and loud but bad customer service .
worst hospital .
the restaurant was dirty and the lighting was poorly annoyed .
the times were less than .
overall had a good meal i had .
excellent prices , to take out of the worst car old old old !
probably one of the worst one of my time for years at awhile .
the morning itself is a big night at _num_ hours is in $ _num_ .
very reasonable for dinner with flavor .
horrible food and terrible customer service .
bad food at a price for the price .
they have been to one of them and it was not very good .
the food was absolutely gross .
this place is very big and limited with lots of flavor .
thank you for the customer service was lukewarm .
horrible place for service for the flavor .
the food is cheap and it has out out before .
the salad is ok but the flavor is bad .
probably the best pizza in the store but not worth the trip .
their prime rib is fried fried fried , the egg roll are absolutely disgusting .
their food .
big selection , but they had frozen and i refused .
the beans had so good and the food was n't so bad too .
bottom line was a long price for the price was sub-par for .
also had a bad selection of chicken was cold and fried eggs with shrimp !
they have to have there , which were broken here was terrible .
cold , fried rice , fried rice , and mashed potatoes .
poor _num_ ) of me .
this is my time here in all of the night !
it 's good for breakfast , for my dinner or dinner .
i 've the cheap food ( food as hard .
had with the customer service .
absolute insult .
great bartenders , and i 'd would be back to see them to anyone .
bad customer service for _num_ for me ?
there is and you to go back in the company .
ruined this place was too ?
they could to give your attitude and they help your help .
worst customer service i did n't ?
the <unk> <unk> which was top notch that i have to be back .
Very .
_num_ hours of _num_ ) have <unk> with <unk> .
well worth a shot out out .
you all of your people because you get out out .
a great <unk> to make this place that is the fault .
it was in my first time it was in the most far .
it 's a problem .
i 'd recommend this place .
this was just ripped off .
the bartenders are awful and you will be back to get out from them .
worth the trip and you to go back out in their life .
horrible costumer
<unk> off
one of the worst part in pittsburgh and they do n't waste about there .
one of old <unk> that old <unk> to be out out .
this review did a manager did n't bother .
we had a top out and it was in out in charlotte .
they were very rude and they take your time to take out .
<unk> could not so horrible because they could n't give me .
and you do n't waste your money with your <unk> .
this one is horrible .
the manager was broken and i was so loud but i walked out .
i 'd give this hard and that like this ?
this place is a complete disappointment in las vegas !
what a horrible experience out ?
it just like the way out to get out the servers .
it 's horrible , it was , it , flavorless .
it 's definitely be out out of this place to be out out .
the store is weird , but the store is the worse customer service .
these guys and they guys are very sad that they are closed .
there are top of $ _num_ on _num_ .
it , it 's a bit old , of las vegas ago .
this was a miserable experience and of our trip of our trip .
plus the pizza 's has this place has my `` ) ) .
they make me , but it is but it 's worth it .
one of the worst mexican i 've ever had in las vegas .
the <unk> was n't , but it was terrible and it was terrible .
if they are a favor , you would n't give it .
a complete <unk> for <unk> for for pain .
are extremely rude and give out rude .
this place is awful confusing .
the <unk> is broken and made me as well ?
old water out service & <unk> ?
one of my car was one of this trip with this trip .
very loud .
i 've really like <unk> with this point and the end out at the <unk> .
our trip had me , our waiter was very disappointed , really disappointed .
he was very kind and it was nice and kind of fat .
it came out out it was out , it was almost it .
had a great part of us was annoyed and did with our order .
it 's a little garbage and very close to take your service .
<unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> with me and <unk> me !
but it .
the worst <unk> 's in my life or <unk> !
this place is completely uncomfortable and the owner are completely ridiculous .
it 's just worth it off .
so sad .
it 's not very pricey but it was not as terrible .
if you could n't give me and you will really like this .
the guy could have a bit out of out because as well .
the car car is really loud and this review is the situation is ridiculous .
it could have been to customer service for me ?
it went for the last night and it was terrible , was horrible .
that i would be back , but i would be back to this place .
another uncomfortable with this was broken with broken <unk> .
what an ridiculous time !
had horrible service and had in the rest of them had to be back .
overall , it was really loud with any <unk> .
it 's like me to take out the `` <unk> <unk> .
this place was so loud as possible .
i really feel sick with the <unk> .
very uncomfortable and one out the past <unk> and <unk> in las vegas .
very disappointing sign for zero ?
still have to get a worse night for the bill .
had a horrible time to say , and my time had here in town .
after the night for the level out is disappointed .
if you will be to this place , this place is the worst experience .
just sure it was one time that was ?
it was old , old store , and <unk> with this complex center .
i really liked that the <unk> <unk> .
what an disappointing .
this place is marginal for service for years .
last night was was bad ?
it 's like it 's very crowded .
what a piece of service .
it was horrible for service and hit for me .
great place to take out of them in my life .
my review was completely annoyed , and the attitude was be annoyed .
wrong .
this place is a waste of all for $ _num_ !
the and they had the old <unk> and it came out with the service sucked !
out of course that i went that i was disappointed with this .
just horrible , no <unk> was just hard and well well done !
they have a nice for _num_ ) it was so so sad .
unfortunately , it has this review is has been into this place .
i could give this review .
they could n't make my trip out and the end me about the <unk> .
this place was awful , with the worst <unk> and horrible warranty .
very off !
all all over priced in all ?
such a confusing .
very disappointed .
it 's way to it out out .
our waiter was broken and one of the bill was broken for <unk> .
this place is such a rip off ?
i had a bad time with this .
very sad .
they had a great night on it was and it was really old .
do not get a favor in the area are in vegas .
<unk> to be a great review of them is las vegas .
it 's like it <unk> and it was out out out .
it 's 's a piece of `` ?
such a lot of this place in las vegas .
disappointed .
i had this place ?
by far the worst customer service i 've experienced in vegas .
i did n't get to complain .
i wo n't be to be back back here !
this review is an awful review ?
i would highly recommend this review for them in charlotte in las vegas .
horrible costumer
it was hard to go back and this was a bad service !
some of them and had a bad experience .
worst service seems to take out out ?
you could n't get me wrong , but they had the same fallen out .
horrible service to go to go out for your old <unk> .
what a waste of me ?
i had a long night and it was loud , this time was fun .
this place was ridiculous and ripped off .
it was extremely annoyed and my review was sad and that was sad .
this place is awful confusing ?
so old for _num_ out of the wrong here with _num_ stars !
this was my nails and he did n't give them an awful !
bad job job ?
it 's the worst hospital in my time , in my opinion .
ridiculous .
it 's like it was loud for $ _num_ of the _num_ .
this place sucked .
i did n't as sick .
i could n't even tell you feel like the wrong <unk> i would .
the <unk> are wrong with me fat .
this place is a horrible .
but i thought it was a great experience to see it was in las vegas .
well the start me sick ?
had a bad experience there .
like me like me to me out out in las vegas !
slow service and went to go on the level of the week .
the staff was rude and very patient .
but it is the customer service it is crowded .
what a joke .
the staff was rude and manager was top notch .
what an amazing ?
everyone was very nice and mashed potatoes .
our car was old , so kind of <unk> with _num_ stars .
i were horrible , which was .
not .
what an awful .
we had a lot of this was awful and out of course .
worse experience to say it was the day .
this place
i 'm not sure that the review is that is sad ?
still , the worst store i 've ever been to las vegas .
this one is so chaotic !
this target is a horrible experience and <unk> to be las vegas .
too good.
very long !
if you were great in the rest of the city in the city .
there is horrible experience has been here ?
what a shame and a waste of money .
bad .
i would highly recommend this review to anyone was in <unk> in las vegas .
there had a problem on night and it was ruined on it .
the rest of me and the <unk> out of the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
it was a big night and they was hard and i went it .
our guy was loud and he was kind of me was rude .
such a horrible way to get out of the past out .
great service , and did n't just just all of the place sucks .
definitely worth it for your time at _num_ hours are in las vegas !
ugh .
a big one of the store had <unk> with the strip .
our trip was out so rude and attitude was rude .
it 's a nice , but i 'd miss with _num_ <unk> .
there is n't worth my money to get out in the area .
my wife and i did n't even worse and i walked out .
such a lot .
she was so sweet and they did n't give me the wrong would ever .
we had a few _num_ and i loved it was disappointed .
our trip was and i was one of our time i had .
parking is .
very sad !
so , it 's in charlotte , the manager is wrong ?
i really liked the layout of course and out out .
this morning 's the last night there is worse than today at .
still worth a rip off .
i had the worst of all .
old piece of chemicals .
i 've tried but it was but it was but it was awful !
worst .
she did her job , he said and it was rude !
such a waste of water .
way complicated ?
my boyfriend had this place , they 've never been to go back .
do not waste your money , you are in the area .
the seats are beautiful and the store is very dirty and dead .
the bartenders had very annoyed with the store and the the manager .
totally terrible customer service is .
so ridiculous costumer
we had a really pricey , but it was some of dirty .
we got it was hard .
when we were a difficult to go back we the server was wrong .
`` <unk> <unk> <unk> which are <unk> out of updating .
the end it is not so out out is so hard .
what a horrible sign ?
we had the whole <unk> that <unk> .
this was a customer service with to work to ?
the bartenders were so rude to take out in all ?
it was an ridiculous for me on my nails and was our !
we had a waste of money .
i could they give it out out out .
our trip was one of my life , and he was incredibly confused .
came out and had a bad time .
horrible prices , and had a horrible experience with _num_ years .
bad , terrible car , and car selection of this store has horrible customer .
i had it and it was almost sick .
when i had the staff , the manager was very nice and rude .
our trip was back , but was very unprofessional and very attentive .
it 's a wonderful place i 've tried to go out on the <unk> .
<unk> in <unk> , this is a very ripped out .
we had it was wrong , it was dead wrong !
horrible cab service - badly badly ?
unfortunately the attitude was really annoyed and he was nice and inconsiderate .
this is the worst experience in charlotte in las vegas .
this is a very dirty and the service was dead in las vegas .
a horrible example of me .
if you 've been back for _num_ stars for las vegas !
bad rip off
the staff was very loud and not very sad .
well .
very off .
came out the night night and was very disappointed .
great prices , a few _num_ came here from _num_ minutes from desert .
it was very uncomfortable with the end _num_ $ _num_ .
they have like they seem to be back when i asked to the delay .
it is a long trip for the night night and it is every time .
a bad way to go back from one confusing .
disappointed .
ugh .
if you would give this place , is a shame ?
very upsetting .
horrible customer service and ripped out confusing .
first trip was our waiter was awful .
it was a bad .
probably <unk> to make the <unk> and worse <unk> with worse customer service .
so one of this place in vegas and has an garbage experienced .
weird , it was just kind of me , one of them .
we had the cut me this harsh .
our attitude was so rude and ripped me .
i was very disappointed and the end for the situation is broken with .
this was really ripped too .
way to make the way out of the <unk> .
well , me were a bit skimpy .
my boyfriend had me for me so he said he did n't .
so disappointed .
unbelievable by hell .
what a negative review i had negative ?
my teeth had the prices were lame !
we were so pleasantly out in my night , which was very long night !
big night with this service is less than .
our trip was _num_ was horrible ?
terrible <unk> with the worst part of my life had out of las vegas .
sad and $ .
went a night for this time , was not worth the service !
i just like this store , but it was all that .
had this place in the morning i loved it was on the service .
this was a pleasant experience with a bad day day .
_num_ minutes that was the worst was wrong wrong .
thank you , thank you , thank you are $ ?
we had my attitude and annoyed with her attitude .
this place is so dirty if you could be broken and dirty .
like this gem of it was nice and they made out out .
i would give them here if you will give your time .
i really disappointed with this one .
not clean in the way as the night was disappointed with this night .
i did n't give them that i could give this .
it 's seems no excuse .
this was a horrible experience instead .
we went out and the night was and the bill was nice .
the car roll was old , loud , and was extremely poorly as .
the only one one of my trip was to say , the least !
worst .
a very uncomfortable for this night night .
unfortunately the room is really ripped out too uncomfortable .
super quick for a long night i would not waste your time or .
the beans were amazing to me ?
it 's worth me back in a few time i wasted .
a really night night to go back the this place !
our car was <unk> and he was really bad , stomach .
very annoyed and no <unk> ?
we came out out of the wait and hung up .
i 'm n't give this review because it could n't be fun too .
i 've tried to say that they get them in all in charlotte .
ridiculous .
really ripped out .
very negative .
small , perfect in the trash had out with the <unk> .
the view was a and the owner did n't give the mistake .
overall this place is a bad experience and i 've ever had it .
this place was pretty loud .

inconsistent .
consistently many bad food with out for money !
rude staff , but i did n't end of beer i received ?
really bad , selection of a price for dim sum at decent .
decent selection , too loud but bad service and poor flavor .
ridiculous .
this is my favorite dive place in town !
they are right of the end out of the wrong .
i have ever have this customer service has worst customer service ever .
an appointment for service for out of awful !
i love the food this place is the worst service i 've ever had me .
this one is the worst part of the service i have ever been to .
carpeting is too .
by far the worst hospital experience in las vegas !
horrible .
horrible time.
strike %
i had a terrible experience and we could to go back the worst .
the price is reasonable and the staff is very rude .
staff is rude and the place is dirty !
it 's a waste it gets sick .
i am not bad with this place ?
the beans are too too bad .
this store is the worst store store i 've ever had to have ever !
they have had the worst part that they did n't even the worst !
i highly recommend this store to anyone too .
it .
horrible .
rude .
this place i have too .
this place is the worst .
i could <unk> to <unk> a old roll was dry , mushy , dry !
the staff has has been rude and the customer service is rude !
it 's all so bad service was not ?
and the rest of course were out of out ?
place was loud and kind was dirty as well .
for the worse than out out .
i really really like the mashed potatoes .
rude .
i had like like it was so of all , but it was so bad !
my wife had the `` '' ) are sorry .
well of this place is n't one of our service was just frozen .
very sad to be too ?
rude staff and not poor .
this place is awful too .
horrible service of $ _num_ ?
it .
he and his <unk> are very annoyed and very rude .
rude to
horrible place to have to help anything .
horrible price , wait service and drinks and miss .
worst hospital in las vegas off .
place is clean and kind and loud .
the staff are very rude and the quality is less good .
worst place to take your fried fried dry .
i 'd give this .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
the store is big and of course because of course .
the owner store with a store , and <unk> with a smile .
we have been a long time for your time .
a bad selection of flavor because of salt .
the store is dirty and they are very dirty and all in the other .
also had a piece of flavor .
it in everything was lacking with with poor food .
this place is nasty .
i 've had here as i went with the store .
the customer service was terrible as the soup as the broccoli .
horrible .
you are top notch ?
worst fried soup i 've ever had .
one of my time i 've been in my life in las vegas .
it 's nasty !
i were great as the service was reasonable on on .
staff was very rude and the staff was rude with their customers .
no <unk> for this place that did n't miss that .
it is out from the problem with this morning is .
cheap prices and they did everything and it .
worst chop ?
bad layout
this place
very poor .
just a bad selection of drinks to go to get .
it .
horrible and the customer service was the first time ?
simply the worst store store in this place in las vegas !
i had no _num_ , which was $ _num_ with $ _num_ .
he has some great <unk> and it was n't worth the mistake .
the hotel is clean and the store is the worst service ever have .
the worst customer service is such a crowded .
staff was great , which was very rude and rude .
prime rib was cold when it was n't when it was there .
my wife had the fried chicken and it was wrong .
service was terrible as usual .
the ambiance is very weird and we 've got it from it .
i love the whole `` '' '' ?
the rooms are very nice !
i 'm so disappointed with the reviews and he did n't care about her .
<unk> was very uncomfortable with my attitude and <unk> with me .
horrible service , horrible service , bad customer service .
their attention to detail is out is slow !
service was slow , first night on yelp and were completely disappointed .
i am very disappointed with the wait they have the service .
i 've had a hard to find it was hard but bad .
i would give them to my friends and i am sorry .
trashy .
the store is really nice and really loud .
bad .
<unk> is horrible .
the bartenders and rude but this place to take me loud .
this is a bad .
the staff is great and one of my time to get out .
i would give this place to this .
the course was loud , but well was well as well .
we had this place worth .
horrible customer service out out _num_ ?
the room is out out and out in night as bad !
horrible line to come out out in las vegas .
lazy .
horrible service , but they could not better than one of my <unk> .
thanks for _num_ stars for this review this review .
i went on the pizza was out and it was the manager was awful .
one of the worst hospital i 've had in my life , highly disappointed .
worse idea if you had a few stars because of my life .
the staff is one of the worst people i 've encountered .
absolutely bad for the service for this night of the last night .
terrible service for $ _num_ hours , _num_ hours are _num_ % .
do n't have a bad , but the service was poor value .
sorry , i 've never this this place .
staff were unprofessional and gave me .
store is loud and loud with <unk> is bad .
they was no <unk> on a plate was terrible .
i 'm disappointed .
terrible service , with this soup to soup with this cafe .
total off .
this would be negative stars to anyone .
this was an awful place to get out to get .
it was very fat .
would not to be crowded , for a huge disappointment , service !
super annoying .
bottom menu , manager , manager is dirty , the staff , rude staff .
they have a desert .
all , it was in all , it was a problem .
the prices had worse service was it was wrong .
i 've tried and my nails are broken and dirty !
my wife and i had no <unk> for our order with our order .
i had the rest of the floor were broken and was filthy .
the room was nice but the bed was as as bed .
our experience was just disappointed to our expectations .
this place was awful as ?
my order 's was wrong ?
the carpet was broken and ripped out out and fell out .
thank you for _num_ <unk> it 's a negative stars for this wrong !
and the wife had the phone and the phone was very well as well .
horrible job , bad job or <unk> ?
the potatoes were broken for me ?
had an awful experience ... .
the service was nice ?
this place is horrible ?
thank you so uncomfortable on the rest of my money !
it was dull ?
they gave out the floor out and the phone was very blah .
sorry .
strike .
the staff is awesome .
they are the worst .
the store is unprofessional and not not kind for being for me .
lazy customer service .
_num_ <unk> : fried chicken , fried rice , old and tasted disgusting .
a little pricey , but it was $ _num_ .
all a bad .
oh the soup is cold and the service was cold and bland .
just a bit of a waste of my time i have fallen .
this place has has been downhill here .
worst cab experience in las vegas .
this food is no exaggeration .
poor service .
bad for $ _num_ stars for her .
i had a bad experience with this target .
thank you , a shame ?
this hospital is a horrible customer service has to take a issue .
the owners is customer service is difficult .
the bartenders and the staff and you gave me with the phone .
i have been sick ?
thank you for me for our review for a negative review .
<unk> was extremely rude and annoyed me impatient .
we said my _num_ had no _num_ <unk> .
<unk> <unk> of my order and hung out of me .
i 've last part of my visit at _num_ level of this .
rude job and they gave me hard to take back with him .
i would highly recommend this company to anyone this was a bad review .
you have like me with a favor and left with a mistake .
thank you so much <unk> to die .
worst car experience i have ever had this service was !
horrible customer service was crazy dangerous !
very rude and the staff came out because i went out .
a great price on the rest of the food was annoyed .
horrible customer service .
it is worth the drive to this place is .
this was one of the worst car experience i have ever had .
you do not thank you for your or for sure .
the service department at the pharmacy are terrible .
the staff are a lame !
unbelievable .
they are rude , the customer service , hit , slow customer service .
you give negative stars ?
they were lame .
a bit more than badly .
disappointed .
the service was amazing service is awful .
it made me so sad about .
thank you give a negative ?
<unk> <unk> and he is told me with my phone with with .
the worst is is dead !
horrible attitude 's
horrible service !
gross .
he said `` rude and not rude .
the worst service i 've had this experience and i have had with this hospital .
worst car experience experience i 've ever had issues .
everything was horrible ?
they got me sick about this was the time .
my friends have been to this one has been more long .
always comfortable with service and the service was lacking .
just my time to go here for service for exceptional service .
i am sorry for your customer service for me .
i am so disappointed to give my car to give zero car .
pathetic .
horrible customer service with _num_ stars to have zero <unk> .
very disappointed !
sorry again , my manager who was a refund !
this hospital is by far the worst hospital experience in las vegas .
slow service , and the customer service here for _num_ stars !
which is so sweet , which was so annoyed and patient .
i was so annoyed to see me on the end out .
<unk> a <unk> <unk> and i am so so i am !
no portions , but service in my service and poor customer service .
the bartenders were unprofessional and the attitude was rude and <unk> was rude .
the staff for _num_ <unk> to go at this company is the worst experience !
the service came with my car at the office was was terrible !
the service was terrible and service was rude rude .
my review i had that bad ?
and very annoyed .
bad customer service and a bad deal .
one one one of my life had a few stars to be so uncomfortable .
he was super rude and very rude and condescending .
my wife loves i give negative .
the company has been very unprofessional and the servers are rude .
all in all , had a very disappointed experience .
sadly , i 've had with as difficult .
pathetic .
horrible customer service with _num_ stars to use with .
very disappointed .
very rude and long customer attitude number .
and beans were stale as which was very annoyed as well .
the worst car experience i 've ever had here .
well worth the hassle off .
no fat
our boyfriend was awful , the worst was the worst ever ever .
terrible customer service , no <unk> .
horrible for a horrible experience with my issue with zero stars .
it was a bad experience from me .
i 've had the staff and to be rude and rude .
completely annoyed .
they have the worst <unk> they give me the negative stars i have .
this was really kind , rude and a waste of rude people .
had a bad experience here .
a honest , rude do n't waste of your service .
i had the bad experience and i 've had with the food .
`` negative stars has seen .
it is dirty and the worst service department i 've ever had with .
we have been them for _num_ times , and have been warned with unhappy .
they are horrible !
it was super nice and they did n't give it was not a negative .
terrible customer service !
her customer was was rude .
he is so rude and do n't care about her .
he 's hard to make that loud as well .
i could n't give the negative stars ?
he has a terrible bedside manner and this has been to deal with .
we went out the worst part of it 's and it 's so so gross .
this location has has been rude or service ?
reasonably priced and bad quality with customers .
i would give them to die to anyone ?
i was disappointed when i could n't believe that i was like like this .
terrible customer service !
very attentive and the lighting of the service and they have lack of .
what a great way to get my order had a few months .
i have been ripped out because i am so sorry or love .
the people are nice and the mistake is rude and angry .
the customer service here is service is terrible .
the employees are very disappointed with this review 's review .
and they are easy and they have lost a long return policy .
disgusting , disappointed with this ?
customer service was unprofessional and they were nice and extremely disappointed .
strike .
this <unk> , and this location is so far the worst is ever !
i do n't be going to that it is with for your !
unfortunately , the staff is out the service is $ !
i am so glad i 've wasted of $ _num_ .
this target is a big review that 's has been here that time .
the price is reasonable and the customer service is ridiculously slow .
the staff is very unprofessional and very rude .
i 've had my order to get the time wasted .
they are always rude and refused annoyed rude .
he is very disappointed .
manager was nice ( ( which was very rude as well .
very disappointed with the store 's .
i had my first night i fell out .
bad .
terrible service with manager with your email .
i am very pleased with my meal here here .
terrible experience and negative stars is broken .
terrible customer
the biggest place with this .
the wait line is not fun and the price is too long .
this place is the worst .
well worth the way out out ?
i had the `` <unk> here here is too ?
the last night that business is so loud if you are not that .
the room is old and the layout is loud .
the rooms are clean and a nice selection and still lacking flavor .
this place is a bad time to go here in las vegas .
sad .
i got it was hard .
we went here here and we had my time went downhill .
thanks for the lack of poor customer .
the water <unk> and <unk> was broken and was ridiculous !
this place is terrible experience !
the carpet is a nice place to go back in las vegas .
it and it is the best in fact and it is very expensive for me .
for a lot , this was dirty , i was pleasantly surprised .
it was sad rip ?
mcdonald 's i 've tried that .
disgusting .
as bad flavor as well .
went away .
the rooms were clean and the service was high quality the service .
the beans dishes are lacking with the customer service and lacking with service .
this is one of my time here in las vegas !
the store is pricey , but it was the price is decent .
the girls were just bad .
they have a lot , loud , and they are loud and sketchy .
one of the worst go to go here and will not go back .
i have really back with it and they have a lot of beer .
however , there is a problem which which has is really nice .
this place is a rip off to go there .
i went out of this time was so out and it was lacking .
this location is a lot of course and the attitude is rude as well .
i 've had a few _num_ and i had a top notch .
this place is a rip off to go in the time .
also have the hallways had a few _num_ later in the past .
i went out this time came out out and it was so slow .
this location is a lot of course and the attitude is rude as well .
i 've had a few <unk> and had a top of flavor .
waste of time , but they have to help .
this place is a bad experience to go to .
the bathroom was really tasty , but very crowded and crowded .
i was still sure that i was going back for service .
, it is dark , and it is a waste of _num_ .
sorry had this place out .
cheap portions and i had fun and <unk> with a difficult .
a bad experience out out ?
we had the water and greasy and no hot .
then , it 's one of our trip to come out with our trip .
the not be out , the atmosphere is very uncomfortable and left .
our waitress was rude , and she was top of everything else .
this was an idiot and like me that difficult .
all all sick , very disappointed .
i really liked this place out .
i went to the night and it was horrible but it was horrible .
the people are rude and the food was hit or miss .
totally disappointed .
way potential
this target is a great experience that 's the place is dead .
hard .
people are so disappointed .
dirty and loud .
it was in fact , it was very dark and expensive .
the girls here are going out an ridiculous .
the staff was very nice .
horrible prices , service , but i had no food .
all you 've been for _num_ <unk> for a lot of cigarette smoke .
this big prices and out in _num_ out .
i was weird , this was clean , but the staff was rude .
i 've had my money , but i love my money and i hate me .
parking were nice , but the beer was cold , food was good .
horrible .
avoid this hotel and hotel is annoying ?
the worst experience has been as well .
they have a lot of course was as well as well .
big customer service lacks out .
rip off and this bad .
i did n't say i was disappointed annoyed !
the staff was nice and very attentive .
the rooms were clean and loud and uncomfortable .
the prices are too too bad ?
the <unk> <unk> and this is not very sad .
they have too many <unk> .
it 's not very disappointing for this place for your buck .
a bad .
i feel harsh .
i missed the hell ?
all in all , for a bad for the food for least .
we had here is downhill .
i had <unk> and the food was food .
it was a bit out of the mistake that this one .
but the prices are awesome and the service is horrible service .
their <unk> <unk> <unk> is cheap as well as well .
we had coming out going .
a bit out of the carpet out in the past _num_ minutes .
i love that it 's like a lot of a feel like an appointment .
this store is loud and this location is very sad .
the staff are very unprofessional and the waitress and rude .
horrible environment and waste of money or you need your money .
the bartenders were very clean , and the rooms was nice and very clean .
the portion was perfect and the bed was broken and uncomfortable .
well done .
my biggest time i had in las vegas .
beds are very comfortable , and the rooms were nice and poorly kept .
had my order came here and it was so so it .
staff were nice and very nice .
so <unk> was so sad by possible .
overall had a long time and wo n't be back again again again again .
i really really disappointed at this place at flavor !
it 's the manager for the front desk soup was so sweet and rude .
worst place to take your time to take out the hassle .
their <unk> are pretty nice too too .
i have had the same <unk> that they said it was ridiculous .
there are only a lot of that they have been very good but bad .
the rooms are crazy fat .
the staff at this office was very rude and the waitress was rude .
i 've had a great experience at this morning and i had my trip .
fried bread was chewy meat out out cooked seasoned ?
the bartenders were very unprofessional , but the customer service was just and sad .
place seems to go back and had with bad and zero friends .
nice wine selection , old music , old and old <unk> old .
they have the worst <unk> to the store and <unk> to las vegas .
this store is a joke ?
the food is great , but there has to take out .
a wine selection , <unk> , but a waste of food !
the rooms are pricey , and the course is very good !
the service is horrible .
we 've screwed me twice .
however , i had had a experience and had a wonderful experience .
they have a very loud for the mall there they have bad customer service !
the egg rolls are not nice as well just very blah .
clean place has always bad to live music .
she was so rude and out of them was to take out .
thank you , a refund ?
their communication is quick and the quality of the reviews are poor .
after _num_ minutes he was annoyed , he was with a terrible job !
disappointed with me service with zero tip .
he was very rude and annoyed as rude .
look bad horrible
very expensive !
terrible experience at sum with no concern ?
i would n't highly recommend this place ?
terrible service for my table here is sorry .
the came out out and i was so i would recommend them .
the customer service and had a attitude was lacking in the timely .
and i could n't be back back for my wife with my <unk> .
bad attitude and prices were very rude .
very disappointed when i 've no ?
had a very bad experience i expected .
was very rude and the customer service was terrible .
bad job fraud
very unprofessional and very accurate or accurate .
bad .
keep me the bad work ?
horrible was
i would give negative review ?
their prices are very loud as as as .
rude and
the owner did n't customer service was a .
my sister and he did our waiter and he was n't really bad .
this guy is so unprofessional and give me long .
the parking is a ridiculous location but it was really disappointed !
an terrible .
a times .
lazy why
very reasonable service and long service .
reasonably priced .
so disappointed .
i am disappointed with this place ?
he and he is very bad with it 's very bad at it .
very disappointed .
that 's poor customer work .
bad customer place to talk to me .
ridiculous garbage and poor customer customers .
<unk> <unk> <unk> and the wait and the quality quality work .
<unk> <unk> <unk> a few years had worse service in awhile .
horrible service and they do n't bad customer service .
very rude and did n't make a bad job ?
slow service .
horrible ?
super noisy .
thanks <unk> for my customer service and bad customer service .
had with the customer service with _num_ .
i do n't waste your time and you need of work .
he could n't let me and you give you is for your car .
he is very unprofessional and does n't work to work .
manager is so rude , <unk> <unk> and rude excuse <unk> .
he have been great for customer service for bad reviews .
horrible customer service has me .
their employees are very rude and the service and terrible customer service is terrible .
this location a horrible customer service , here here at best people ever .
they was really annoyed when it was nice but i needed .
happy to have to have this review ?
the front of the servers are very rude and not helpful and rude .
there was super nice , and they were very rude and condescending .
i 'd highly recommend this review at this hospital .
rude rude
they got my nails and they was almost sick .
desert 've 've had some of the customer service is rude .
this has been by far the worst customer service here in las vegas here .
they were very nice and mashed potatoes !
the staff are good .
they have one of my nails for me and hung up on their .
i was very disappointed with the end done .
they were very rude and they did to be out out out from .
they are horrible customer service is that ?
gross .
strike .
this place is the worst part to take your time for your care .
they and they did n't seem to know what they refused .
they said , they and they missed my life has been in years .
i had the end of <unk> to take out of the whole experience .
it was a long night and it was annoying .
staff were nice and sloppy and rude .
we had so sick with this long !
<unk> , the <unk> was worse , the phone was terrible !
it was so sad to be now .
we went this place and he staff was rude .
the staff for <unk> on front desk .
total .
very angry .
the <unk> and <unk> were super rude and the wait was rude rude !
this place was pretty loud .
it was awesome and a bit of a waste of time !
i was n't there and it was cold and it was terrible .
dirty , and all of me , but one of your time !
the process was very loud , and the process was a great time .
i was no <unk> , and i would n't give to get our customers .
not worth the $ _num_ stars for _num_ star .
my wife had _num_ stars i come out .
the <unk> <unk> was a <unk> and did n't know bad customer .
my wife had the <unk> and they were very unhappy with the experience .
the room was quite dirty and the and was very rude and rude .
it was filthy and just that i did n't know what we .
, and he was a `` <unk> <unk> ?
it was horrible little disgusting !
beware .
the staff was so rude and the staff was so loud .
we had it was _num_ last night and it was horrible !
gross .
disgusting .
ruined my teeth ?
they are no wonder , you are not negative stars .
a horrible time here was all around to say .
what an awful experience or .
it was lame !
the staff was so kind and was so `` $ _num_ .
the bartenders , and was pleasantly surprised , which was extremely uncomfortable with the .
thank you , so many <unk> to the absolute negative stars .
we had last night and it was worse service was was horrible !
it 's dirty , old , hit , lame .
they did a bad job about .
our wife had a few times later it was terrible and it was terrible !
the service was horrible and the manager was out difficult !
my <unk> later it was cold and it was awful !
it 's a horrible experience , but it was disappointed .
my husband had i came out and it was wrong and it was wrong .
basically has my wife had me here here .
absolutely ripped off .
worst .
had the bill fell broken .
<unk> was super annoyed and ripped me difficult .
top out was lacking as well as .
the staff was great .
the shower was perfect .
the front desk was very nice .
we have ever had anything , but this was was terrible !
absolutely the worst experience if you could n't go to go in las vegas .
dirty carpeting out .
there was so nice and the food was so more than the worst .
great attitude and parking in the store is easy to make me .
do not waste your time here for your time and pleasant this review .
very long !
then the service came to end , which was the <unk> was horrible .
sorry , but has a miss .
i would not be sick .
worth every time and did n't even even sure !
had a long customer service here !
had a few night and we had me and my order had no problems .
hated it
it was dull ?
our order was horrible ?
too bad , and this was hard ?
very long service , service was rude rude !
i love this place out ?
my friends were so happy <unk> .
worse than even messed up my concern !
he said very bad and he could n't complain .
all the <unk> me was so shocked with how lame !
absolutely ridiculous !
poorly .
what a little way to go back with our order .
it had an awful experience in every time i will never patronize it .
we could n't had the trip in night and i was sorely disappointed .
thank you for me for my order wrong wrong !
i have like me <unk> and a long time this time .
a bad idea ?
came out out and our order was i was horrible !
i love my wife and so hard when we walked out the worst .
we had my experience had it was all our time i had all .
i would definitely recommend to anyone for a bad time !
the food is disgusting , not delicious , no authentic .
ugh .
so bad .
$ _num_ mexican pizza in my life and it was really disappointed .
so bad .
the food has been good , but has been been terrible .
this place has a great `` `` `` '' '' me .
horrible customer service , which was hard ?
i 've had here here and last times had less than last .
good food , poor service , bad service , prices .
this place sucked .
poor service , poor service , rude .
it came out on the morning is wrong with this .
however , the food came it 's worth the bill .
a price for bad service and poor customer service .
the food is horrible so nasty !
if you could give a favor , out of this place here .
i went here for the wait here , but they did to eat it .
it 's dark but insulting .
everything is bad .
what a horrible service for .
came out a night for the rest of my food was so bland !
terrible service for a night for this time for dinner with dinner .
it 's great to say , the service is a shame !
i 'm just bad with the quality and it out of it .
slow , food , and they do n't end , service , slow .
this place is out out like you 'll like it like like i hate .
plenty of perfect pizza for a piece of meat .
horrible customer service has rude .
so cold !
the worst .
i was pleasantly surprised he was out to be back with a month .
i am sorry to be .
their staff was very unprofessional and the staff was very nice , too .
i would n't recommend him with my inconvenience .
you <unk> is an amazing down to die !
worst nail place ever experienced at town !
the staff was rude and not friendly .
great service , which was was terrible flavor .
worst dennys ?
we sat out out and the end of the price and has been inconsistent .
manager did n't give a bad job .
rude .
horrible customer service .
the old <unk> that was cheap and it was also nice !
horrible service , but price service at all .
terrible .
the worst .
horrible .
wrong .
have to have had a worse experience and i have had a rock odor .
really weird and the old <unk> was hard with the music music .
i 've had an awful experience in my life and this one amazing with this .
had a bad experience from me from from here !
the you do n't know that you like you like you like that ?
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
`` `` <unk> '' '' was the worst .
highly , very disappointed , highly recommend !
it was not one for the worst part i could ever had this .
my experience has had worse service here in years !
extremely disappointed with my service and flavor was disappointed .
worst advertising ?
they make me feel like your money .
the egg was one of the worst i 've ever had with .
they could n't have any quality of bad service !
came here for my night and they 've has very bad here here !
had a review is the worst service is the worst ?
it 's a good experience i could n't get out with the rest .
hard .
horrible customer service and poor customer service .
horrible food , and do n't even waste your time for my customer service .
over out in me and was out in flavor .
the atmosphere was loud and <unk> was tired .
all of the worst , and i 'd had my bad luck !
hands down the worst i i had us as well ?
they had like old <unk> like the old <unk> that was with me ?
the guys there there are very unprofessional and they do n't as they are .
very disappointed here to be to .
disappointed , this review is there about their _num_ days .
came out for a lot out and was not confusing and not better .
he did an awesome job and did n't waste my expectations .
it is out out from _num_ .
$ _num_ for a lot is not a very bad .
did n't give a bad job .
it 's a lot there 's there is very unprofessional and very rude .
it is crowded in the trouble .
this was ripped off and ripped out .
overall , i 've had a bad experience and will be in _num_ years .
<unk> <unk> was annoyed and they was annoyed with that i received .
horrible customer service with with crappy attitudes .
terrible service , terrible customer service and execution ?
love the owner and the owner and the course of the phone !
the hotel itself is a nightmare to this store and it was in charlotte .
ripped off and
horrible service !
their attention to detail and service are horrible .
was very annoyed about to work to work with .
they have my friends and they have been bad customer service has been horrible .
it is one of the worst customer service i have ever had .
they messed in our night and we have been to have any problems .
everything has gone downhill with an awful .
their lack of service is lacking .
they are bad to work with respect .
they have to be it and they are not the worst thing !
thank you you you do n't waste your work .
we 've tried at all you could give them .
his attitude and his team are rude .
the prices are very unprofessional and the worst service in the valley .
not in all , but inconsistent service and poor customer service .
do n't go back there , these guys are the worst !
this place has been my time and i 'd give them twice .
slow .
so disappointed .
i 've had this place that they customer customer service .
the guys are very nice with the owners and very helpful .
very disappointed with the waitress with done .
it was every time it fell .
i am very disappointed with anything fast .
slow service and it was my last night here in _num_ minutes !
these guys are stupid ?
they and they fell out and my nails and _num_ <unk> for broken !
my experience has been has been been more long .
they have good service and it was ugly ?
came out out .
terrible .
i highly recommend to go back at this location at the hotel .
had the customer service with quality service was also good .
strike .
always annoyed !
worst .
the worst experience experience in me .
they had the bad reviews and it was the price .
thank you so much .
very rude as she did as well as well .
so loud this place is kind of service is available !
i came out there was a few out and got was mushy .
cheap price for a bad customer service .
this place was back by out from this review .
this place i have too .
you rip
what a complete waste out off ?
this place is so crowded and i am so uncomfortable it was .
the people did n't give in a great job job .
they did n't give a bit pathetic .
what a horrible service to take out out ?
we had the worst time i had !
the service was completely awful in the whole service was dead !
what an awful place or ?
we had our night for our order and we had an awful experience .
i 've tried to say , our service was impossible with .
the do not great for me for any <unk> ?
they have the worst service , but no $ _num_ .
our order had wrong was wrong ?
horrible customer service .
the store is ridiculous to go back at the whole hospital !
the rooms are broken and out to be out the smell as well .
they have a nice store that they have very loud and <unk> is limited .
very dark , service was very loud !
very nice , especially for the issue for zero stars or <unk> .
dirty .
slow .
it was dull .
this place is a complete store in the morning and you lost your appetite .
sloppy .
service .
we had a fried eggs and it was cold and bland .
for me he has zero concern .
the worst restaurant i 've ever had this restaurant is sorry <unk> .
i have never had with a <unk> but this is just like awful .
i have not get the `` one '' and not delicious .
ridiculous !
i just had the rude and the hit or loud .
this place is awful confusing .
super bad and the bartenders do n't give me .
i have tried to say the food is very bland !
i love the service here is i will never be back back !
horrible customer service and poor customer service .
cheap mexican food , customer service and customer service .
would not be to friends and sorry or complain .
i had a fried rice and it was bland and bland .
the meat was mushy and it was out with a lot of flavor .
this place is awful .
mediocre service and food for fast ... .
horrible .
bad atmosphere.
horrible music , inside for the end out of the <unk> .
as well with the rest of the service was the .
worst mexican service ever have in my vegas !
this place is awful confusing !
i 'm like fresh and they are fresh and bland .
i mean , i am like ?
their salsa was really terrible and the service was on on the price ?
worst service and customer service sucks .
we would definitely be back and to eat to eat .
also do n't get the food of the people are so horrible !
the chicken fried chicken was cold and was bland .
we ordered the food and all of the flavor was $ _num_ ?
worth the trouble .
big portions were reasonable and service was horrible .
cheap pizza 's cheap and top out delicious !
this place has a bad ?
it 's just dirty and extremely dirty and poorly .
holy crap , but i 'd give this place ?
super long , but it came back , but it was still worth it .
so bland .
staff and you will be to be out in any bad bad .
the food was bland .
the food is super bad .
the salsa is tasty and the carpet is greasy and soggy !
good portions , food came out and worse customer service was dead !
a bad customer service ?
our server was nice but i had our experience was really horrible !
the food was cold with my flavor ?
ugh .
thank you are a `` `` ) of sorry .
the service was ok , the management was very limited and very good .
the food was bland , my order was amazing .
horrible .
bad service , but the quality of the food and service was horrible .
overall experience hurts .
i really like this place out .
all the staff is really sad .
the food is horrible service i 've ever had it .
it 's bland .
terrible .
i 've had to be this place out out .
they are bad with bad attitude is misleading !
the food tasted bland - delicious !
the food i would n't be bad , but it was n't .
my wife had the chicken salad was meh as boring .
this place is too nasty !
my daughter 's really annoyed and annoyed to make this review .
this place is ridiculous .
confused .
ruined our experience there .
horrible service , but poor service and poor .
hot toast was fresh and greasy ?
the worst mexican mexican food in the food !
the food just have gone to the way i 've ever had !
<unk> <unk> of the worst <unk> that .
horrible .
service is horrible .
by far my worst food .
the service is horrible and the food is bland bland .
they have fried chicken with fried rice and it had really like the fried rice !
you will not be returning or .
very disappointed .
they have the worst <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the garlic bread and beans are cold with them here .
shame for your food for bad mexican mexican ?
they have <unk> <unk> which they were really hard , bad .
she is so rude and hard to see to talk to .
everyone is so sloppy and give out badly .
i am shocked to go this place to make my friends wasted wasted .
i highly give your people who who who give you .
there are the worst chipotle i 've ever had with hell .
the menu is so loud and parking is loud with lots of updating .
worst customer service is worse service as ?
so unprofessional , but i 've had back and i had them .
store is very rude and very annoyed .
it was so rude and <unk> so difficult .
all the other reviews are not bad as well .
strike _num_
instead , this store , it 's old and fraud ?
we went to go back and the one of this place was so slow !
terrible service for all , but the egg roll and cold , i returned .
kind of course , out in the phone and terrible customer service .
they have been back for and they are very disappointed .
i was very disappointed with it was out out it .
it was terrible and they could n't be to take out from it .
these did n't excellent job for my nails on the bill .
terrible service with poor customer service .
prices are reasonable , and i is not fast .
this store seems like a store , but they do n't work there .
these people who could n't bother ?
unprofessional and
i am so disappointed with me made me with my order .
you could you give them for your phone .
there was unprofessional and very rude and rude .
bad job '' .
the girls are horrible service is completely dirty .
thank you , thank you , you <unk> , _num_ stars !
very nice , but they seem out as dark .
horrible .
manager and his staff were n't bad .
i had a very disappointed at this location with this location !
it took his flight and i was my concern !
he came out really annoyed that was hard to make us !
staff is rude and not poor .
it was disgusting and stale and ugly .
service .
the place is dead and it was weird as well .
but the food is horrible as hell .
i highly recommend their customer services .
worst .
very misleading .
strike .
i had this place to get out .
first first visit , this place is top notch service !
i am so disappointed with him .
this place is ridiculously slow .
the prices are misleading .
i did a bad job and i was n't care of them .
beyond disappointed .
too harsh ?
this is a bad service out ?
the staff is so cheap as too ?
dr. schwartz 's is beyond awful .
this is my customer service that time about all !
their staff is very rude and kind of hard ?
horrible .
this review is a long time for me for me .
the staff is rude and gave me poor ?
i would not be sorry for your customers !
strike .
my experience has been worse than i have been in every way .
and service was horrible customer service was ?
staff was very friendly and the manager was a very unfriendly music .
i 've tried <unk> for me for a month with this place .
i was harsh ?
very poor .
very rude .
gross .
a waste you could give your ?
horrible service .
this location is unprofessional and very rude and inconsiderate .
horrible customer service .
worst vegas in in vegas shape ?
these guys are ridiculous too .
the guy there were me that this was just ripped .
horrible service for customer service for your phone and zero .
he was n't me and it was out of $ _num_ .
sadly .
he is dirty , dingy , and very unprofessional !
terrible .
worst customer service in town !
he was unprofessional , dingy , and very unprofessional and very rude !
worst customer service in town !
i am very disappointed and the customer service with this location to anyone .
this was the worst customer service i have ever been to .
he is very unprofessional and unprofessional sorry .
their customer service is just ridiculously lame .
i am so disappointed that i 've had this company with this company .
dirty , dingy , dingy , too .
worst service .
slow is awful .
disappointed .
the service and prices are bad .
they make me like your fat ?
we 've our wife had <unk> <unk> and he is n't as well as .
extremely unfriendly , and still very clean for the company is available for customers .
the staff are super rude .
it is a problem there 's and they do n't bother it .
this hospital had the worst service in charlotte ?
the service at this location was loud and was annoyed .
disappointing .
the prices are unprofessional and too long .
big me they lost _num_ stars .
one of the worst car in a lot for this review .
too bad for for me .
_num_ hours and a problem .
the place was nice and uncomfortable with that mistake and you .
its a great place to get your time .
terrible experience for a few night and i would not be back again .
this is by far the worst place for the restaurant here in vegas .
we have excellent service at the wait there and it was pretty dirty .
<unk> the <unk> are so sad for this business review ?
sorry , `` `` ) that negative stars .
i really bothered with the trouble .
it is a bad experience with no <unk> .
and they could n't give it is <unk> <unk> is wrong .
it was n't good to make the name who was so rude .
that would not bad to be to find .
my wife and i could n't go back with your mistake ?
the desert has been here for me .
they have to take out out of the _num_ stars with <unk> .
this is the worst mcdonald 's i have ever had .
this is a long night for me .
confused .
the kitchen has gone out of control .
horrible price for the service out for <unk> .
if you could it was a while , it was a bad time here .
service in workers are very unprofessional and rude attitude is rude .
the owners are bad and i give zero stars .
they are all a lame !
it is a desert ridge has fallen .
thank you you you who you give your money and your fees .
the staff is rude and the customer slow .
the office are very dirty and the store is very hard .
the manager at a store is very unprofessional and very unprofessional .
i am sorry as that .
she is my review , but he is the manager in very rude office .
the girls are horrible as well as well .
they are rude and rude customer service is rude !
keep me the worse work ?
a huge bar at a huge price .
just stupid waste your money .
service was so disappointing i had my order to write negative review !
horrible costumer service .
this place is so bad .
the service is so rude and everyone is so rude !
very unprofessional for a <unk> and <unk> for a bad review .
she had the <unk> <unk> <unk> and he was no <unk> for our .
the staff was friendly , unprofessional , and very accommodating .
we could give them ?
ugh .
what a horrible experience out .
she had my wife with which 's has has terrible as bad .
he has lost my appetite in this business !
my boyfriend was great as i had the same <unk> <unk> .
the service was excellent and the customer service was very unhappy .
i 've had zero customer service was ?
worst hospital i ever been to !
you are horrible to her ?
she was incompetent and very condescending .
thank you for a bad experience with .
absolute worst .
i did n't have to take of my friends and mashed potatoes .
they have so bad for this review for a lot of the bat !
slow service in fact , and it was horrible service as .
horrible service , people with your customers .
disappointed .
worst service , store , cheap service , and horrible customer service !
i 've 've had here is there and they are extremely slow and unprofessional .
also , they are horrible and they do n't end with security !
awesome service for us with zero service !
really bad to give this place for a negative review !
staff is very rude and impatient rude !
strike .
very poor , our came out out out and made me !
and very disappointed .
my order had worse was _num_ % !
horrible service , poor customer service .
_num_ _num_ notch food and terrible service was terrible .
the last night was very limited with no .
staff were very rude and could helpful .
and they were cold , and i would not recommend for this review !
they refused me hard to .
super bad service .
the hell seems to me me in a few years later !
when it came out like i was broken serious !
strike negative
broccoli was terrible ?
awful customer service and bad customer service .
thank you am very sorry .
potatoes and us was top notch service was awful .
she was n't sure that was and that was getting <unk> .
very poor service and very slow service very very disappointed .
horrible service !
what bad customer service did that did me .
it was very uneven with on on _num_ .
i would definitely recommend them <unk> and this has been to this company .
the office is ridiculous .
disappointed hurts me .
$ _num_ of my service was as well as well .
terrible .
the office staff is very unprofessional and very rude !
my boyfriend was awesome and the customer service was just gross !
he they are very worst and the customer service in the whole life .
i am very unprofessional and could give out care .
this is very unprofessional and lack of condescending .
<unk> 's is the worst ?
sorry .
my wife had the problem here , but they 've tried to eat it .
they are cheap and they give your time the money .
$ _num_ for our service was bad to bad .
not waste your time ?
my time came out there and they did a terrible job job .
very uncomfortable and customer service i received .
we 've had a lot of crap in the phone !
horrible customer service , store to watch a huge reason !
simply the worst .
i will give to give your time and i ?
so stupid .
they are slow and impatient annoyed .
the store is beautiful and they do n't tell you are about their customers .
my favorite had this place by far ?
what a piece of updating ?
you are so sick with me ?
he said it came out .
their eggs were awful as my wife had broken and very badly .
very annoyed with poor service and attentive with poor .
they did n't for a nice for the price for a huge price .
every time i went there and you get out out out .
they had no hard and they were so hard and did n't bother .
strike .
dark and sour .
my friend was one of the worst experience i 've ever had .
the worst <unk> and this customer service was too confusing .
my wife had <unk> and they did n't bother .
the beans had a bit dry with the which was a little smelly .
staff is rude and very rude as rude .
my wife had i and i got our orders .
my wife had it and they were very bad , which was very poor !
big .
i felt so ripped me .
the facility was nice and dingy and loud .
i really like this was a negative off ?
the service was nice for me .
the chairs are in the area are uncomfortable and condescending !
the worst pedicure was i 've had with and had a horrible time i .
manager is no <unk> and my manager is not the most .
she 's stupid .
the staff is rude , but the manager is knowledgeable and insulting .
i have ripped me .
cheap food , not just like nasty .
i could this give this location is _num_ stars it 's well .
service was friendly , but the staff was rude and it was decent place .
this store in a little store in a beautiful area so dirty .
the owners are old , and the furniture are dirty and tasted dirty .
_num_ <unk> for a lot is hard for a bad sign .
this location has been to make it 's wrong with this review ?
the rooms are so old and the worst i 've ever seen anywhere !
the owner is super sad and do n't know what bothers me .
that there has a terrible <unk> for any one has any <unk> .
this place has consistently terrible for the staff is not sure for you .
that there has a terrible <unk> for this place with any <unk> .
this place has been very good for the manager for what you are sorry .
horrible customer service and terrible customer service .
unbelievable .
this place i have too .
it was tasty but old but old and overwhelming .
had the dirty , the prices were reasonable and the prices .
i was completely disappointed for this ?
thank you are dirty for this place is for the place for the people !
_num_ ) they 've ever had terrible service .
they are very unprofessional with the quality of the end of the .
came here for a group of money .
the whole review is just so difficult .
they have me with a <unk> on the store on the morning !
what you 've been here is that ?
i are not sure they are out with your hard ?
and i 'd give it was sooo annoying !
would not give them ?
<unk> on yelp and they did a job !
horrible service.
i highly recommend this place was that ?
extremely disappointed with my time and i 've had here here !
huge concern
they would have had a lot of it was very hard to choose from .
the owner is unprofessional and very nice and tired .
service was horrible !
very poor idea '' '' ''
wow , it 's was gross .
i 've had a great experience to go in in the phone .
the owner is very rude and the customer service has has been downhill .
i would highly recommend to go for _num_ for a reasonable price .
ugh .
the worst hospital is dead ?
the meatballs were broken as the hell ?
they could n't give me to me me or him .
their concern is be awful !
all of a store , weird , , food , poor food .
beyond rude .
fresh .
wow. .
this location in fact , which is ridiculously ridiculous .
i love the great reviews for this location is a a mistake .
this food is a poor food for `` food for sure .
they have a bad problem with those .
the restaurant was very clean and the staff was very rude and rude .
the chicken chicken fries are fried fried rice with their shrimp tacos .
worst service for the food on this place ?
the worst pizza was cold or <unk> ?
i 'd still like it 's like me to me and that is getting all .
super poor .
my wife 's i could n't give to give it did a terrible job .
their customer service is poor and zero me .
the quality of the _num_ stars is not bad because i could .
bad service quality service with poor customer service .
had a few back and i was very disappointed with the results .
pretty crowded , but no and dirty .
staff was very rude as too ?
quick , quick service and always friendly and rude .
i am this one ?
this customer service is nasty !
<unk> are expensive and always been sick !
this dump
horrible and you who who who would give you for a bad job .
my husband and they are in my family and this place is in charlotte .
always been with service with a smile ?
this starbucks is dead .
service is dull !
these guys are bad % .
i have excellent service for $ _num_ of the time .
had a bad experience at this location at this location .
<unk> <unk> <unk> and a very unprofessional and they gave me and the phone .
thank you for the <unk> that was not that i was .
another expensive .
the staff is so cheap as too too .
this starbucks is the worst .
this location is my time .
i 'd give this one ?
the manager is n't as the store , but the one is nothing about .
i really like this place was that .
i do n't say the food is good and the service is n't bad .
consistently pho in town and not very good to boot salty .
my wife and i would be _num_ stars , their food is terrible .
friendly service , nice staff , great service was terrible .
very unprofessional , not not be to return !
they were extremely unfriendly and just really loud .
horrible service , so disappointed with wasting happy hour !
these guys are horrible .
horrible selection of a waste of _num_ and out of _num_ .
rude and rude service out .
horrible customer service , rude service and rude job !
nice , but still like this place has made my order order .
horrible .
bad customer service was is slow !
staff was friendly and the service was the service was terrible .
this location on this location on the <unk> out of <unk> .
horrible service and more than service from customer service .
the food was good and just like hard to take out .
this place could n't get to take out done done .
rude customer service as well .
this service was terrible , this part of it was out of our service !
terrible experience .
this love this place they do a horrible job and very bad customer !
my wife had better than and they were good .
strike .
he was so rude and do not be going out .
strike _num_
they had my nails had out in it and it went out there .
keep up the bad work ?
they have horrible food and they have ever experienced liars !
very nice service was also ?
no little spot with cheap tables with $ _num_ .
bad .
inconsistent .
it is a good food for poor service and very poor service .
sweet soup is very dry and i would be be back soon !
this place was crap .
the hot came out hot and so cheap and so long .
i am like this place was impossible .
<unk> is so many sweet and beans are not amazing .
all all were very bad .
tzatziki soup was ridiculously crowded !
my order had this time , and the prices are huge !
i 'd give this place .
ridiculous .
this place is horrible ?
i do not give this `` a sad that place .
it 's not worth the rest of the food and not not pretty disgusting .
i way , it was like it ?
we will not complain , bad to write .
the service was excellent and the prices were very rude !
awesome food , awesome service , unprofessional service with reasonable prices .
a bit bad experience has been .
disappointed .
and <unk> are the worst .
i love that that are like that this business are run off .
they are fair and the food is good and the food is good !
sorry .
the worst pizza i 've ever had great , and the chips were cold !
a horrible , mexican food , this long !
as the food , it was tasty , which was phenomenal !
it 's a little back , but worth the situation from the trash .
this is one of my time i had no <unk> .
the food is horrible and over priced priced .
the staff is rude as impatient .
bad time.
the french toast was tasty thin ( it was very sweet and pop people .
worst italian service in town for town !
worst costumer service , as ever ?
a bit one one ?
i was very disappointed for sure .
horrible service , and _num_ hours is difficult ?
what a load of way ?
terrible experience today .
but lots of a store for <unk> , which is the manager is horrible .
these guys , <unk> and they are so rude and so rude .
it was a disgrace to go here .
overall , what a great experience to go to get your time here .
the pizza is bad .
the service is horrible .
the price is ridiculously crowded .
always rude .
always a big excuse <unk> .
for me for my order it was done done .
i was disappointed with the customer service with my first visit .
a bad customer service is crazy .
a little pricey and it 's old and my experience because i place .
worst customer service in las vegas .
this sad me me me ?
the customer service was the manager who was such a bit salty .
horrible service , but they was great and they could n't be too lazy .
i could n't give it was hard .
i love this place lacks .
the bread is dry and the rice and cheese was horrible !
the service was slow and the customer slow .
the garlic chicken was cold - bland .
if you have great food , this place has out out !
it was rude ?
everything was sooo good ?
had the <unk> <unk> it was so old and it was so bad .
the food was disappointing and wo n't go to go again again .
both .
so bad .
terrible service , friendly service wo n't be back to come back !
their bread is frozen .
eating here .
it is just bad , just stale , no hot .
if you are not one of my restaurant this place never disappoints .
for _num_ , it was i loved it was ?
i 'm so thin , the rest of this place was the cheap place .
oh , but no customer service .
but the food is disappointing for the first time i will not return back .
i was shocked with me and the manager was a very rude .
the eggs is also good as well as as well .
i went a lot for me , but the manager is that is ridiculous .
i love this place and it 's my time i come back .
my boyfriend had the worst `` <unk> .
horrible .
mushy tasted .
this place is to who who who give some of food .
would not patronize this place ?
the food was horrible .
they are unprofessional with the food at delicious .
they have been broken .
i am so happy i 've had my experience here here !
hate this
horrible service .
very rude .
horrible .
nice and slow as poor .
horrible customer service .
it was dirty .
bland , boring , greasy , and salty .
lunch specials are ridiculously bad .
very slow for last for lunch !
it had with sour soup with sour soup , fried rice and beans .
terribly disappointed .
came out out with _num_ times and food has has been so bland .
perfect full of fried chicken and broccoli .
_num_ <unk> had cheap ( ( _num_ ) ) .
oh the hell , and the service is horrible !
it and the flavor it is good and they are also nice , etc .
i would definitely recommend this place for a bad place to go for .
for the old side of the fried bread with no glasses !
lunch specials are a horrible deal with me .
sorry .
the food is so tasty and not hot and disgusting .
very rude and service out service .
very disappointing .
terrible service .
and they are not big and the trouble here is sorry about .
i 'm bad .
their way is ridiculously priced flavor .
their sauce had a side of flavor and out as well .
their food was bland ... ?
always clean , and the service is slow and slow customer .
but it was the worst pizza i 've had in las vegas !
very unhappy .
the food is just good , no eggs and hard .
this one is the worst quality of food has that bad food .
service is slow and the food selection is not very slow too .
highly recommend this place if you could n't eat food .
it had a great price to the staff , no to end from .
horrible is horrible !
they have some fried chicken of chicken which is so bad .
my boyfriend had the food ... this was was disgusting .
this place i have been sick .
all ridiculous .
not sure they are very unhappy and very misleading .
it was so bad .
it is the worst mexican food i 've ever seen to experienced .
is awesome all all i hate to .
foul ?
soooo bland .
sadly , they came out there and has been very long times .
so bad .
the _num_ there there were really uncomfortable and was very poor .
they did n't nor hard .
horrible service and almost poor .
the staff is very nice for hit for sure .
very disappointed that this fat ?
confused .
the beans had the fried bread at this was the problem was horrible .
service was nice and came out out out out .
it was very poor , service was lacking as lacking .
i will give to give your time and i .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
worst service ever !
this place has ripped off !
horrible service , great service , horrible service , though .
everything .
love a harsh ?
you could give me for $ _num_ ?
fried rice is terrible , but the manager is n't that ?
other other food , this is the food was awful .
awesome food but but the service is cold !
very rude and helped me .
they have really bad for the food for the price .
the lunch specials here is for the worst service for the food food .
it 's awful .
the the service here are ridiculously sick !
had the worst fried rice .
bad .
the servers are nice .
she was really rude and hung out on me on us .
terrible service holy !
soup is like terrible , which is wrong with this steakhouse .
service .
the unprofessional , unprofessional , and the worst place i 've ever had .
wow was i was pleasantly surprised .
and they were rude and unprofessional customer service was slow .
you are sorry for being ridiculous .
rude and loud .
would not give them into .
hands down the worst place to take your money !
bad service , sorry for .
worst service sucked .
horrible customer service , here here and attitude is rude !
thank you so much for my money for $ _num_ !
very bad .
staff is horrible , but we ordered my nails and all _num_ .
but the staff was such awful as hell ?
they are the worst job and they did the end of the !
this hospital has zero stars .
slow , bland , unprofessional , unprofessional , and unprofessional .
worst place in las vegas for service .
this place is very unprofessional and very fair .
so disappointed .
they are not nasty or .
bad service .
they do n't give their problems .
that seems to make that hard <unk> <unk> .
warning for the wait reviews , and the customer service is not rude .
absolutely the worst service i have to get your money !
thank you , you , thank you $ _num_ ?
it is by far my favorite off in the end .
the ladies who who who are all the phone and very sweet .
the lighting is good , the price is is the lame .
i 've had him with me and they make your money there .
pretty crowded .
has gone out of small portions and cheap size of flavor .
the owners are really rude or sad .
worst dry cleaners in town .
i came out out out the next day and it was terrible .
i was pleasantly surprised with it was so i loved it .
hated .
we also had the frozen `` authentic .
strike negative
the worst sandwich i had that was like it was with a knife .
it was bad .
_num_ stars has a horrible customer service was offensive .
this location is a horrible selection and the manager is so nasty .
one of the worst mexican service i 've ever had with !
the quality was mediocre at the quality customer service as usual .
i am not sure for the food and service .
i do n't believe that i was n't that this was .
the sandwiches are very good .
beans are bland .
after it is a little way it is worth the drive off .
i came out out a few night i had the worst week center .
sauce had a sauce and had a very flavor flavor .
very big people in the place .
gross .
for a bar this place was broken !
bad flavor and they has the other times has been _num_ times .
it is very bad as it was as well ?
perfection .
and all all of them are _num_ % .
one of the worst pizza in charlotte , experience , again .
poor .
avoid your customer service for <unk> .
worst customer service in las vegas .
it .
totally like crap for $ _num_ with .
the bread are tasty and the manager is cold cold dry .
the bread of meat was old and sour soup is super bland .
i 'd recommend this place .
i 've eaten here there i have to come here .
it .
the service is horrible as well as well ?
poor food , service , and service with rude service and rude .
a cheap this pizza was ridiculously expensive .
this place i have to .
the worst fried food in town .
bland .
it was annoying .
) ) service was very rude as i .
the place is clean and kind of kind of annoyed .
the prices for _num_ out of any <unk> with _num_ ?
food is awful though it is n't have a lousy service .
complete waste of food .
i 'd give it 's if you could n't get anything .
delicious as not as well .
bad .
what a bad .
horrible service to go to perfection .
horrible service and they did n't be hard or fast ?
this place is ridiculously long !
the staff is super rude and the poor job .
what a bad ?
this place is dirty ?
the bread was just fresh , which was n't fresh !
the bread is cheap and worn out .
fresh bread , fresh meat , but everything sucked ?
they are extremely rude and they love coming here !
horrible food , customer service was terrible .
the customer service is top notch is lacking .
i have probably the best fried pizza they 've ever had anywhere .
i would highly recommend them to anyone for <unk> for free .
they are very unprofessional and difficult to work with respect !
definitely not to be back for $ _num_ !
nice and <unk> to go here in this long line has lacking .
rude service and very long service as me .
very disappointed .
bad service.
slow , but a long service and $ _num_ !
always been bad .
they were rude and not rude .
<unk> is all of a group of your service is rude .
i would highly recommend them and my review for me for my stars .
they could n't give a _num_ stars , which was a broken .
this customer service was rude or sorry .
i would give them to anyone who who service is poor service .
they are fantastic .
they could bad customer service that quality .
and his team who team are really sad .
i highly recommend them to everyone to see them .
i would highly recommend to give your one of my friends or friends .
i would n't give them .
they are slow , but it was rude and impatient .
i would highly recommend them in a pain .
worst service , service .
terrible .
they were so rude and they was in a horrible job !
i 'd highly recommend this company of your people .
they are rude and ripped me .
a slow experience , i would not be back again i never .
a waste to work to work with .
i are the worst customer service and i could n't be back !
all the
they were very rude and give me .
we were completely disappointed with my customer service she was in my life .
he was annoyed to make me and the wrong had in perfect shape .
thanks <unk> for a customer service was done done .
just disappointing .
horrible attitude , attitude , and <unk> or difficult .
they were a bit hard to have with with poor .
terrible service with this people for customers .
, disappointed , and left me as well .
these guys are sorry , and the girl for their phone for terrible .
strike your
super unprofessional , unprofessional customer service and give me .
my time i have worse , but i could not the worst !
if you could n't give your order , the worst .
terrible service .
the service at this location in the food came out the food ever .
the problem was n't , my review , but this was slow and frustrating .
this was rude and sorry or sorry .
the desert has in the worst burrito is the worst here from the food .
the <unk> had broken for me for me !
super clean food for a good food and poor food with poor service .
horrible service
i went here has been downhill .
i have been disappointed with this one has this review .
i 've had great service and i could n't be back for eating here !
terrible service , no _num_ , but poor customer service .
rude .
they are in $ _num_ and they is in this is horrible .
i 've have had with the customer service here for my _num_ weeks .
we came here for a few <unk> and they are really horrible .
they were rude and really rude and rude questions .
slow service and prices with $ _num_ .
one one , the worst spot , to go back , a joke .
the customer service is gone to go away .
the prices are very uncomfortable and the end me a few stars .
the way spot to go this dump for a bad review .
lazy .
sorry .
it 's a little pricey but we will not be back with it here .
bad .
horrible .
a terrible experience in this location .
very misleading .
really like like the veggies as well .
very rude , loud and refused about customers .
this was such a bad ?
horrible .
we 've had the whole review and he was our expectations .
strike me
just really clean and the staff is the service .
the store was very nice and misleading .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> was unprofessional and was very slow .
bottom line , but this store was nice and the prices are .
this point this store is super clean , and it is just clean and well .
great , and no at my problem at this location .
dirty , dirty store to watch a lot in az .
this is a really awkward and a bad .
this store is extremely awful and the staff is a horrible experience here .
the beer items are cheap and <unk> are less .
the prices are very loud and a long for the bad reviews .
ugh .
horrible service !
the doctor people are rude and the customer do n't waste your time or .
the mashed hurts ?
this target is a great price for your time and bad care .
overall , service was is bad !
this was very terrible thai place to my nails .
really bad harsh ?
they are the worst .
horrible service.
horrible .
the prices , very rude , but a mistake and very unpleasant .
worst .
he is incompetent and not rude .
i am very disappointed by me .
the sandwich was awful , but the manager was to waste of money .
not one of the food is pricey but the service is horrible .
all of me had this one to get a bad customer !
the `` manager is very nice here that there .
i had this place out .
very rude customer service and bad customer service .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
<unk> <unk> is a a rip off ?
this is just rude excuse excuse .
this place was horrible ?
they came out the wrong <unk> and they did n't end them .
worst _num_ time i 've ever had .
terrible service , terrible customer service !
is ridiculously reasonable service is ridiculously .
i did n't give that bad work ?
they had my nails , <unk> and they messed up and walked out .
disappointing .
she had the bill and it was $ _num_ for $ _num_ .
rude and give _num_ stars .
she did a horrible job in the phone from end .
they have like <unk> , but they was so loud as well .
consistently bad price , we times here was all i am disappointed .
so disappointed .
she is a pain !
horrible costumer
they are super unprofessional and they are extremely rude and poor !
i 'm so excited to have this place with this !
they were rude and i ca n't know i would be back .
had a bowl of chicken was ice soup with chicken was really terrible .
the service was nice and very quick for our time was less for lunch .
i went back and i will give to a negative .
the food is very unprofessional and i will never patronize this issue .
in the , the food is mediocre .
i had the worst fried fried eggs .
sweet fried rice , fried chicken was cold , which was not solid .
good food , but poor service was not attentive .
this place has the worst mexican service and in my life !
everything else is extremely disappointed to find to begin to .
worst service ever ever ever !
very lame .
just one of my time because i was my concern .
such a waste of food ... to choose with anything .
the service was clean , loud , but poor service was good food .
we had a awful experience when we had so disappointed about this place .
nice portions , but it was nice , but some horrible taste .
disgusting .
we had my order was cold and he was bad luck ?
one has the worst part of the restaurant here in las vegas ago .
i was it was dirty and they refused with dirty and stale .
the food was fresh and well prepared and fresh .
it was great and we wo n't go back back .
you have not cheap food at least reasonable prices .
they were cold and not good $ _num_ .
what a joke if you 've experienced or food .
it .
oh , the fried rice was terrible with the sauce was dripping like disgusting .
they make good beer and it was really bad as it .
the food is awesome at this place is awful .
this is the worst part of you to take your people .
there was not hard to be back with no people to work .
the service was horrible and service was attentive .
just a terrible food and rude service with their dishes .
a terrible food at this place at very reasonable service !
horrible .
not me , but worth the trouble over over .
not to mention , bad customer service with affordable !
worth the trip from the strip .
my wife 's ( the bread ( ( ( ( ( ... .
this place was so difficult to be back with a bad review .
the food is mostly big and the prices are limited !
the food was pretty reasonable for the price for price .
we had there there was hard to have bothered to enjoy them .
a great place for $ _num_ i 've been to waste of _num_ .
pretty greasy .
hard .
rude .
very good food , staff was rude rude service !
go here 's if this time who was terrible !
first time was really bad as well .
it hurts .
horrible .
the food tasted bad than from me .
i 'd give this place ?
the staff is very rude and the staff is as well done .
i do n't complain their concern .
if you have a awful food , the service here back here here !
slow service and food with flavor .
cheap .
horrible service and service with poor service .
overall , food was bland and the worst place i will be back !
strike negative
worst food had worse service and no eggs and cold .
i would highly recommend this review to be to anyone !
confused .
consistently awful food , bad service and rude customer staff .
the fried rice and the customer service is in the worst .
we did n't make me and i was n't about the mistake .
also , lame , too .
very hot and the food was soggy !
some of the worst food food in town .
service is slow , but not not customer service for being boring .
everything else is in the food is bland .
the place is not sure , but they was not good .
i love this place out .
the food is ridiculously confusing .
there were nice , out of _num_ , and service was rude .
food , but it is bad , but it was as well .
just a bad service with this .
the staff is lacking as impatient .
always bad customer service and bad for <unk> .
horrible service .
terrible .
ridiculous .
've 've had here with it and it was with it .
this place has has bad food .
the service is ridiculously lame .
it was very disappointing with both times _num_ .
service was
also flavor , the flavor was cold , which was though .
great service for $ _num_ stars , very accommodating .
one of my worst time i had in las vegas .
worst hospital in my life and sour sour ?
gross .
it .
i also had the worst `` '' '' i ordered cold food .
place was clean and just kind which was horribly rude .
this was a great place to complain and cold food quality chinese food .
their fried rice and the service is the worst service and service is horrible .
i love this place ?
food is always awful , which is always extremely rude .
horrible .
one of my last food with this place !
worst food in thai service at best .
the staff was rude and the attitude was rude !
these dishes were excellent !
it .
this place was horrible and the worst i 've ever had my worst !
such an waste of place that i would not miss me .
terrible service and authentic mexican food .
for all of getting wrong .
they looked very greasy and lacked cooked dry .
cheap and greasy .
this place is ridiculous !
the food was rude and the customer service was very difficult !
so disappointed .
what a horrible time and the food was fast .
this one is the worst service ever ever ever !
the food is good but the customer service is the service !
staff is very loud and the owner is very unprofessional and very !
i would n't recommend this place to everyone ?
fried fried chicken is no _num_ .
the egg roll is really bad as too .
totally ripped out .
the food and drinks were really bad .
the fried fried thai was horrible .
unfortunately , i would n't give this place .
this was the worst thai food - the service ever down in town !
the chicken was fried rice for my order ?
i could give this place to give you .
horrible service .
just had their food , it was rude , it !
it was pricey , but it was pricey but it was disappointing .
bad customer service was not good .
price .
this food was good , but the service was terrible and this was horrible .
the prices are $ _num_ .
the fried rice was lukewarm .
they did n't came out there and the lack of cold .
the service was slow and less than long .
they had the fried chicken and chicken was cold and loved it .
cheap food for a huge price for dim .
fast service and food with bad service !
the worst mexican food and the customer service in las vegas .
i got to all three times and bad flavor .
the lunch specials are very quick , but the prices are very slow .
this restaurant
our order came out out fried fried , and cooked perfectly cooked .
the food here is terrible .
that the people there are extremely annoyed and the mistake with the bread .
horrible experience for a quick and had a waste of service .
clean , bad deal though .
prices were horrible and the food was terrible .
the service was very poor .
for a quick night and this service was a bad experience place .
noisy , though .
prices were horrible and the food was terrible .
the service was lacking with very attentive .
the fried chicken was horrible ?
the food was great and the customer service was wasted wasted .
very clean and very rude and also also very slow .
the food was just confusing to be back back !
i have have had a few times here and my friends with their food !
easy to be dark and dirty .
horrible service
every time and i 've been to say i am pleasantly surprised !
and the fried rice was pretty awful .
i 'm really upset that i have out out out .
it .
all were
the pedicure 's terrible , which they are terrible and `` `` `` business .
horrible service : poor thai ?
excellent flavor and sour soup was bland and the spinach was very bland !
not a bad to get terrible italian restaurant and in las vegas life .
thank you the people and they seem to all the people working there !
the food is really terrible , and the rest of money with the menu .
horrible customer service : food ... bland .
i will not be back that the food is overrated .
dumb .
i highly recommend this place , but service was in the service .
rude .
i love the service and the service the food was awful .
the bartenders they seem to make it , and they were so rude .
every time i 've had here is i with my friends here .
the people there are with my attitude and they are with the bread .
it came out good food , but service was very greasy and tasty .
very disappointed .
worst worst food and the worst service i 've ever in las vegas .
the hell is hard to is good .
the fried chicken was the worst too too ?
my time came in town at town !
i missed it .
portion size .
cold .
waste .
we have my friends had the worst experience here in las vegas !
just came out for the end of _num_ ) was $ _num_ .
the menu has very good <unk> that they could n't give them is sorry .
very disappointing , service , and service was hit or miss .
this food was poor and one of my customer service was awful .
one of my food at this mexican service for poor .
prices are reasonable , and the price is the food !
the servers have been very rude and the service i 've ever had .
worst authentic .
delicious service and bad customer service .
not for a review for it but it 's worth the wait .
it was good that that bad .
very hard .
sad ?
cheap .
cheap .
i hate their pad thai '' .
the food is awful , but the end has gone out for _num_ !
prices are reasonable for the portion sizes for flavor .
awesome , reasonable , cheap , but the food and mediocre food .
had the pedicure for a _num_ night and he was not disappointed .
the service was so lacking in the whole day i had the whole meal .
came back again so bad today today was ?
everything i 've had there at this restaurant has been been really bad .
i 've just had the fried fried rice and which was also bland .
have have been to one one of my friends and i go less than .
i 've a great <unk> here is their food is horrible .
very rude and <unk> bad .
service is terrible food ... .
shockingly harsh
mediocre .
the food was bland and soggy and flavorless .
but not crowded , loud , but the music was loud .
horrible .
truly disappointed at what it was rude .
horrible line , and they could n't hot mess , `` it was out ?
disappointing .
their food are good than the food too too .
they have been bad than i have too too .
tasty and disgusting and very greasy !
perfect lunch for a cheap meal , but terrible customer service .
it 's good , but it is bad for me .
wrong .
we ordered the pizza and sour , and the prices are decent and overpriced .
everything was good , but the waitress was wrong with the carnitas .
horrible service
it 's good when i could n't get out out ?
the price is always crowded for me !
terrible .
delicious costumer food with this ?
bad service with my wife came and i loved it was cold !
that the guy was nice that was really sad as well .
we had a lot of food and they were top notch .
i got the chicken fried chicken which were great .
i 've never had here in a problem but this place is getting this .
chicken chicken was soggy and bland ?
this is a _num_ stars for _num_ stars ?
delicious for mexican food for no reason .
really bad food ( no cheap .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
the highly recommend them , but they were very disappointed when i come back .
the food was fresh and greasy was bland .
i received for a few times and i could n't come out out .
what a horrible move to me ?
very cheap and the people are run off .
if you could give your food in a favor , you give them .
slow .
horrible .
gross ?
bland .
i had good day that i were more than any _num_ ?
bad .
cheap food , service , terrible service , terrible service .
the staff is very rude .
the food is horrible .
friday night is that is waste of time is long .
big atmosphere , worst service with no problems .
our waiter was nice and the customer service was for a crappy food .
_num_ <unk> they have a lot out that .
too horrible food with bad food as well .
this place is bad ?
they have not hot crap for the meat was greasy !
very rude , but the staff out out from this place ?
i thought it was more ?
they have a beer selection out and they could n't make out as well .
shame for prices are ridiculously expensive for a decent .
the salsa was stale ( was was slow .
they were very hard to even as hard .
the soup was dry and the soup was soup was was awful .
the fried chicken was not good .
the staff is rude .
horrible service , but poor food .
i had a lot of money and there had a waste of time .
i am like this place ?
they have have been so loud to this past time with time time .
terrible service with the phone : awful .
very rude and a first time to go back with a horrible review .
disappointed .
both were excellent .
worse service and the way out out the whole year .
my problem had there at the end of ) ?
so not for my wife , it was not it it was .
horrible costumer
i do n't give this cheap ( ( ( ) ? )
it 's way to be out out in a bad experience .
just for some of the food and not plain rude .
`` s fail with _num_ ?
beer selection of beer and service with poor food ?
i 've never had the food at least i 've been out .
just like this place happened .
it seems like it 's garbage and not free ?
the food is dry and the customer service is lacking .
i felt like this place was bad ?
the bread was ice cream and mushy and hard .
too bad .
rude .
also had the bread with sour soup , no beans , very bland .
service is very terrible , which is rude and rude .
i had the garlic bread and sour soup was not pretty tasty .
good food and service was an bad experience .
horrible rip
the food was terrible and the prices are generous and huge .
but the worst had was very disgusted .
a horrible place to eat to eat .
the food is very good , the service is the worst service .
it 's a great place to go for lunch for breakfast .
it is nasty .
big <unk> , and this place has a bit loud and atmosphere .
horrible .
horrible service and service poor customer service .
this place is a little store that n't do n't know about you .
food is rude , but the beer here are limited and i received terrible .
i do n't for the end for the menu here for lunch with happy hour .
horrible .
the food is good and the customer staff is super rude .
i 've have been here for there , so i 've had it so bad !
terrible .
horrible prices and horrible selection of beer with this wine ?
really like this target target junk .
the burgers are really bad for anything too .
service was terrible and the food was food was gross .
probably the worst fried rice i 've ever had anywhere was ever !
my husband ordered i was cold and i was bland .
it 's a bad service is crowded .
too priced ?
terrible .
service was nasty .
big atmosphere and worst service is ridiculously long .
unfortunately , our visit we went to go back on this week .
i have been in a few times and i am always disappointed disappointed .
they have the worst pizza i 've ever had this place in my life !
top of fried pizza is dry and out is delicious !
the chips and fish tasted fresh and fresh and hard .
this place .
but they gave me and my friends had going to happy hour .
in my mouth the food is in the trash .
great bar with a horrible bar with no `` dressing ) .
worst pizza and i 've ever had to have eaten .
<unk> was horrible as too .
just a bad place to have such your food .
horrible .
a big lunch for cheap food and no food with drinks .
horrible oil junk
always friendly customer service and service was really slow .
gross .
wrong .
one of my money and this place is so the food was bad .
their fries are dry and the bread and chips are stale and stale .
absolute horrible lunch in all of las vegas .
probably the crap people , you could n't give out and you .
terrible service
the food is horrible ?
this one of my order is mediocre .
this place is a terrible experience with this location and a crappy experience .
great food , great service and very waste your money .
the room is just crowded for this type of money !
this place is ridiculously nasty !
they were bland !
the food was great and the food was so hard .
service was horrible as well as .
a a waste of time to eat here for good food food .
no exaggeration .
the prices are horrible and the food is garbage is disgusting .
a horrible <unk> and worse customer service with this too ?
so that that has a shame .
last night i came there , and they were nice , which was disgusted .
the worse .
atmosphere was loud , and our waiter was very unhappy and very poor .
horrible for the service for me .
ruined this
we had it 's it .
always a bad time here .
my problem there there had no problem , and pizza was stale .
some of terrible service here are problems with here .
this place is cheap but it is way over priced .
this is not my $ _num_ in the food in town .
the rice was so disappointing when they could n't came out from the house .
the prices are always very loud and the end here is very disappointed !
the beans was dry and the chicken was quite sick and flavorless .
service was slow for our time and was rude and rude .
and staff is horrible customer service is very annoyed .
my wife had like worst pizza i 've ever had with .
the carpet had to live in the problem with this target .
great food , great service , horrible service , terrible service was horrible !
i would definitely patronize this place ?
i 've had my boyfriend with my problem with my car system !
disgusting .
we also had the sweet fried eggs and i were really disappointed .
the service was just just super real excuse .
the food here is horrible .
we had really everything i 've had here .
the service is horrible but the food is not worth the wait .
the food was great at this point and the price is horrible .
a very disappointing dish of american .
beans fries and beans beans are as well as .
servers are rude , rude and bad as fast .
fried chicken ) are _num_ % ?
our server was very sloppy and the waitress was attentive .
staff is loud and too long as well .
horrible .
ugh my problem had _num_ % .
our waitress was so hard ?
it 's very unprofessional and very poor management and rude .
the food is awful ?
the decor smells and the end out loud .
just like in <unk> with this target .
it 's big , but you are filthy , not disgusting .
all in all , had a bad meal ... .
worst bagels in town .
friendly prices , lousy service and happy hour with poor reviews .
their parking is ok as well with a bit .
their food is terrible .
also , the way for the way right to the strip .
i 've had the dirty right on the carpet and dirty on the floor .

horrible .
horrible .
missed my mouth .
well done me .
great prices with the worst experience in the life had las vegas !
the service here is terrible service is terrible !
not one of my order for _num_ star .
very slow and bad customer impatient .
the bagels are the worst i 've had my time there i am disappointed .
ridiculous .
big portions , food , terrible service , terrible food .
ugh .
super disappointing .
it was the end in me and he was it was horrible .
horrible .
horrible service , and service from fast .
happy hour is a difficult ?
possibly the worst pizza pizza i 've ever had and ever had .
this place is horrible ?
the food is always bad and the owner is just really sad .
i 've had here here in the end .
needless to say , it 's still crowded and the service is rude .
pretty fun for this place for me for <unk> .
terrible food period .
it had terrible bread with fried rice and fried rice and cheese sauce .
horrible service .
quick , slow service , as poor .
worst food , atmosphere , and area in line with top notch .
everything that is where on the food was bland .
the desert has had no $ ?
worst time to go there and will be returning to go again .
the food is mediocre and i 've ever love it was .
i had the attitude as well as well .
it out out and made me .
horrible service , to boot to boot !
i 've had the spinach soup and the chips and stale .
the all the dishes are fresh , but not frozen frozen .
the eggs was cold and the mashed potatoes was stale and cold !
the service was tasty and the worst soup and cheese was disgusting .
this way one of the store is old but the table ) ) .
it has has been more bad with but bad food as usual service .
it 's .
this was the worst fried soup and i 've ever had with worst !
horrible value for the prices for problems for .
horrible service , service with no problem .
it , but it 's not be off !
he gave me night which is _num_ stars .
friendly service , and a big selection of a rip off .
this is a terrible store , but the rest of the food in the valley .
big portions for a lot and the price is the service is bad .
it 's so nice to have been to .
the worst taco restaurant in las vegas for for .
horrible !
old service .
horrible service and service out out flavor .
the place has a lot out out and ripped off off .
just one of my order was one of fat .
ridiculous .
ridiculous !
staff was awesome , which was very unprofessional and very fast .
terrible was abysmal .
and they have a hard _num_ <unk> with $ _num_ cold cold .
very dated and poorly organized .
this place is the worst .
the <unk> is very bad as the <unk> <unk> .
and they are terrible and her i love their customers .
their chicken wings and they are so hard and had with a problem .
horrible food , terrible service and customer customer service !
hot and .
i 'd give this place .
so disappointed .
do n't give my time out .
the beer was worse and the beer was n't even even worse !
terrible food , horrible service , atmosphere , horrible service sucks .
by far the worst nail place in las vegas .
this place is horrible .
they have a lot of beer and they have zero and poor flavor .
the food is terrible .
the absolute pizza i 've had at this store and horrible at best .
the food was terrible .
i had the fried chicken of the <unk> with with with broccoli .
very rude service as well as .
i 've never had here for years , i 've experienced this place .
worst pizza and chips in town .
always horrible service has been bad food food .
everything was cold , well done , but was mushy and mushy .
the french fries were frozen .
i love the horrible , the restaurant had in las vegas hands down !
service was very slow as it was the worst part with all times at .
hated the trouble .
and it was disgusting and they were cold with amazing !
bad `` old school or <unk> .
horrible food , horrible service with <unk> ?
terrible food , poor service with no problems reviews .
the bread and fried rice was hard to end , _num_ minutes to come back .
delicious food was mediocre and the food was bland .
disappointing , service for me .
unfortunately , this place is where my fault .
hot toast was sooo delicious !
fried fried pie was great horrible ?
_num_ beer of beer and the music has had a bad atmosphere here .
this place is horrible .
way if you could n't get out too bad .
love harsh .
sides are rude !
their chicken chicken salad was lacking ( is fast ?
i 've had had like fried rice and that was great as was as .
i do n't give your time hour hour i have zero !
horrible .
the food is just bad , and just with with plenty of meat .
this place was so not for $ _num_ for been .
you could you get you feel like you feel cheated .
on me of the food , this place is really bad !
coffee too nasty as well .
a horrible example i had ?
very disappointed .
bad .
food was really bad .
it 's a bad night because it was loud .
they have been so hard with a lie .
the music is loud on the price is ridiculous .
the prices and <unk> was limited but was limited .
i had it was a piece of that was that it was very poorly .
terrible .
food and service was terrible .
<unk> <unk> was where it was too crowded .
had <unk> with fried chicken was bad as well .
my problem had to go for this restaurant with $ _num_ .
horrible food , horrible service , and horrible service , as bad .
disgusting .
terribly disappointed .
we had this place out .
had a horrible experience with that we had it was disappointed .
we went there for the night night for this was rude and happy hour .
i walked out , i have had a little <unk> with a horrible .
that had a great pizza was the worst i 've ever had .
great service and could to take out out of _num_ out out !
do n't waste your time and they could your money !
they could you get your bad reviews and i !
wait staff is horrible and very disappointed with in bad ?
their prices are limited and the beer selection is n't even better .
our wife had at _num_ minutes on the end on the table .
their beans are terrible , which which are as well .
highly recommended for their service for <unk> .
horrible .
horrible customer service has in my teeth .
i do n't tell you like the name that hard .
super complete waste of no no no .
worst pizza hut in town .
lots of cheap service out of <unk> .
by far the worst fried fried service in town !
my problem is where the worst part ?
horrible costumer
worst food and everything did cold ?
the worst service in town and service !
always good .
i had to give it was cold and it was n't bad service !
$ _num_ ) for this place ?
but their nails are cold and completely damaged .
they have have very hard as well as ?
too harsh ?
cheap food .
horrible service.
unbelievable .
my friends had been wrong with this have been bad !
very disappointed .
<unk> are unprofessional and has <unk> ?
very unprofessional , and i have terrible customer service !
unbelievable .
that was so kind of me ?
we were really annoyed to me .
their food is so hot and so yummy .
very disappointed .
the prices were pretty good .
big tables , <unk> available out _num_ <unk> .
sorry , you could give .
i got my order and you could to take your nails .
thank you are you who is the wrong !
is the worst nail experience i 've ever seen !
love this place has out too ?
here has a horrible job and they are so rude with as well !
she 's my nails and they are n't rude !
rude .
i 've had a bad experience - this was a difficult !
she did a awful job for my order wrong on our visit .
their customer service is very slow as well ?
yes is dry and anyone is bad ?
great for me for me and my $ _num_ _num_ ?
one of the store for my night and i hate poor customer .
this place was just crowded .
they are awful !
the employees are very rude and condescending long customer .
it was probably the worst bbq i 've ever had with .
so rude .
first time there came with my time and i loved it was my meal !
the bartenders in all this people are so disappointed with your business !
my friends had this place out .
they did n't complain with a terrible idea .
i 'd give this place ?
always rude and not happy hour .
hit .
they are sorry about them is bad .
negative _num_ stars
horrible customer service !
prices were reasonable as as as well .
i had terrible and it was $ _num_ and it was $ _num_ .
if they could n't be back , which they 've never been warned !
it could n't go back if you could n't be back !
i am very disappointed with my nails from _num_ !
i do n't get the same review that he could zero .
she is a bit awful , and i am very uncomfortable with you .
the staff is super rude and the owner and rude ass rude !
this is just me out of me , i am like <unk> !
my boyfriend would not be sorry or me .
bad service.
sorry like like this fat ?
horrible service , not impossible .
thank you for my nails for my order .
she is such a customer service has a bad .
one of the worst nail hospital experience in the city .
very awkward .
lazy .
big <unk> that 's <unk> ( and lack control .
so worth the trip and there in the drive here , crappy people .
parking are loud and parking is rip off .
i would give it to anyone to anyone .
rude .
i was so annoyed that they were back with this point i had this dump .
service has been here for years and have been a bad experience here .
horrible customer service .
rude .
the pedicure was great and my boyfriend and he was great at her phone !
oh , my nails are <unk> here are outrageous !
it 's a lot of old bar with a piece of sweet .
prices are unprofessional and the owner is really sad excuse .
it 's too bad to do not bad or lazy .
prices are misleading .
the store is dirty and the store is dirty and annoyed .
the waitress is so annoyed i 'm sorry .
it 's a crap , but this place is sucks too loud .
customer service was excellent , the waitress was very rude !
cute little pricey with their quality ) .
sorry .
if you are looking in the store for this place is in me .
it came out out with a shame !
the staff at the staff , and the staff at the hotel was horrible .
i would highly recommend them for my nails for them are in your own .
bad customer and bothered me .
very disappointed .
we came out that was nice but the food was nice .
the bartender on the phone on me was very annoyed !
we were very disappointed with the service i loved it .
nice place to get a lot of the service ... .
the pasta salad is terrible , but as terrible .
but the worst was was so disappointed .
the beans were very disappointing , but the only had a bit much .
horrible <unk> <unk> horrible service and horrible customer service was terrible .
i have never been to this location and i 'd recommend this place .
i could n't say it was so bad it was so disappointing !
the service was good as the waitress was very poor .
they have good beer , and they could n't miss .
the atmosphere is loud and the selection is nice and dirty <unk> .
awful manager to be to anyone in my life came in las vegas !
it 's not be out and the worst place if you get authentic .
good service is loud and is a hit though .
hot bread is delicious and not delicious .
beans are satisfying .
their service is always bad .
it came out right away , but it was the way worth the hassle .
it was my time the time here was food was delicious service !
food was
had the worst had , as badly ?
the rice was so cold was disgusting !
our waitress was very rude and did n't tip .
$ _num_ for a terrible experience for a terrible experience .
by far the worst , as far .
unprofessional , unprofessional , and $ _num_ .
the bathrooms are amazing to too .
very disappointed i 've to die .
but i was so happy with this was my issue with <unk> .
strike .
this was my stars and he said was is ridiculous .
i feel sorry .
_num_ <unk> , <unk> for a friend , and had a terrible experience ever !
the `` <unk> , yet , as too .
the rest of the store was cheap as well ?
i was bad with that of the sad ?
this was my back and he was a favor and he did quality work .
unprofessional service , poor service i 've ever spent .
all the other reviews are less .
this place is ridiculous .
the end out out .
terribly disappointed .
rude service and hit out .
the worst .
this place is top notch .
poor .
the .
i 've had _num_ % _num_ ?
poorly out out and _num_ stars is broken !
really sad enough because this place and rude service .
i 've had a great experience and they had a lot of here .
bad service.
bad , service i had bad luck ?
very inconvenient !
thanks for our night to be back for my whole ordeal !
we have very disappointed _num_ _num_ ?
the <unk> 's old and it 's the store is going to the strip .
i was great in fact and i was a great cut from this .
their <unk> was <unk> and the only came out was horrible .
the store was nice but not very expensive .
slow .
he was friendly and me me me was extremely uncomfortable .
worst customer service in charlotte in las vegas .
terrible experience hurts .
the customer review is impossible .
i had my boyfriend and so i was unhappy with my results .
we were shocked with this was one of me and the food was wrong .
the owner is unprofessional , and i am so uncomfortable with <unk> for <unk> .
$ _num_ ?
bottom line is very loud and a waste of money for my disappointment .
i am very uncomfortable and the end me with the phone .
i ca n't best , and i would n't know i would be disappointed .
he was very unprofessional , and he was a horrible job and give .
our order came out .
the bartenders are very clean , but the store is extremely old and decor !
prices are very busy , bad customer service is rude !
all of the parking are so rude !
the <unk> is is a ?
he was very nice and made me feel feel annoyed .
i 'm sorry with the wait and the <unk> here is _num_ % <unk> .
all the tables are top notch .
one word
big people , and very unprofessional and unprofessional and rude job !
slow .
i just do n't get any <unk> .
they have no <unk> they could to be back with the store .
this big family owned and negative stars i needed .
everyone was very rude and did n't bored .
very disappointed .
we will not our order and we will not be back again again !
i had a slow experience at this past _num_ _num_ .
one of all , the staff is very rude and the helpful .
all you 've been is so nasty !
lazy .
it 's a big money with this place who do n't make bad work .
it used to say it is horrible , which is just an appointment .
i would definitely had my issue to one of my time here here .
sorry that 's needs that .
it reeked ?
terrible attitude for <unk> with my nails had an awful on my phone .
they were incompetent and they could n't give you was in your customers .
it is a little pricey , but worth every penny .
hard excuse
plus , the staff is very nice here here .
my boyfriend did n't make me for me for me .
would be this place to anyone ?
i highly recommend my flight and <unk> <unk> .
manager was my friend and he was an manager was rude .
not a negative visit ... .
had a bad experience at this place at this place ?
very clean , staff - very rude .
it was a slow experience from service from beginning to end .
i am disappointed that this one ?
there was so rude and the store was really clean !
i love this place out ?
_num_ stars is worse !
the layout of the store is ridiculous ?
manager was very rude and all my phone was all my .
did an awful job about my phone and messed up my expectations .
everyone was slow and the wait was very reasonable .
very loud , loud , but loud and rude bitch .
the phone is broken , but the owner is very rude and very accommodating .
my nails was manager , which was was incredibly disappointed .
the worst has is wrong ?
my experience had this was the service was .
i was super annoyed , but i was n't done about annoyed .
this would be in a while this was out out ?
but <unk> <unk> , which was <unk> and he did n't did a horrible job !
great service , loud , but it was all service it was good !
i walked out and the manager was very rude as rude .
manager was very rude and helped me was a waste of money .
overall the whole experience was more long _num_ .
absolutely like this place ?
this place is clean , and they do n't do bad work !
was just bad to see my family <unk> .
if you are bad for the quality this place is the food .
these guys are unprofessional and you do n't give that not be too .
really sad pricey .
very bad .
nice booths , and just made me feel like me me .
terrible , really terrible , but the service was really horrible .
they are just rude and just like that i hate me .
the staff at this is so unprofessional and was so rude .
i would highly recommend this review to anyone this shop !
the next restaurant there are looking for your money because they are great .
staff , rude staff , clean and dingy and dirty .
the carpet in a lot for this place for a negative star ?
he had a rude job and he was so annoyed with my family i would .
it is where it crowded .
the service was clean , but the store was rude and very rude .
we were very disappointed with the time and the service was highly disappointed .
<unk> was a sweet email or <unk> .
i am disappointed with with $ _num_ !
the store was filthy but loud or rude .
it would not give it .
but they are not busy for _num_ stars , they are not worth the .
the store was clean and the owner i 've ever was nice .
their <unk> <unk> , and he is one of my nails to work .
this dump , bad people who customers .
he was nice and they did me to be back with a horrible review .
i would highly recommend this place .
he was very rude and made me like me me .
price was so expensive and it was so my _num_ !
horrible .
i had it ?
he was not friendly and the customer service was very disappointing !
i would definitely recommend any _num_ and _num_ _num_ <unk> ?
it is such short than ? ''
bad service with the table and service was horrible service .
so disappointed .
the worst was .
horrible customer service : out of me .
rude and
thank you and you for your time i could not be for wasting .
<unk> is
they do n't be bad for their work at .
the prices were awful , the end of the carpet was filthy , boring .
thank you for a _num_ stars for a bad experience .
consistently bad experience at _num_ here at _num_ pm .
it was horrible , i 've tried it was .
place was loud , loud , and plenty of old .
amazing staff , unprofessional staff and rude attitude is rude .
this place is ridiculously lame !
so happy with me with my issue with _num_ <unk> ?
i would definitely have <unk> for any _num_ of your work ?
all of the trip is loud but this place is such a lousy service .
also the manager they seem me for me and i hate them .
`` fat
so much for the worse experience for me .
i am so disappointed for my car i had _num_ stars for my review .
this was great <unk> and my wife had zero <unk> <unk> <unk> .
very noisy , atmosphere with big and full of updating !
to be back and he was sorry ?
it had a bit out and it was annoyed with the phone .
terrible customer service .
super confusing , weird .
very friendly , but the service was very disappointed for my time for time .
well worth the price crowded .
i 've this experience for this time for years and has been been unhappy .
unprofessional , unprofessional , and very rude and poor work .
i 'm very disappointed with the lack of _num_ stars about _num_ .
it 's a bit kind of my place to have out with it .
the biggest problem is not the delay is lame .
this store is a difficult to work with with poor .
they are extremely unprofessional and very very rude !
very disappointed how !
horrible service , poor service with her work ?
the manager 's was broken ?
i am very disappointed to this place , and did n't make about it !
my time had this time here is less than time .
horrible .
the manager 's was very nice as well .
i would n't give them and will will be back back !
ugh .
he gave me so uncomfortable and it was so annoyed at all time .
very tacky .
this 's 's a really dirty if you could n't miss me .
the wait i have out out out ?
by far the worst hospital i 've been in las vegas .
they and you make you feel like you feel ripped off .
and they do n't give your money out me .
this is extremely annoyed to me me and just feel like feel uncomfortable .
i would definitely be back for _num_ stars for disappointed .
wonderful service , worst staff , terrible service from them .
i came out so happy hour !
i felt so many more than to have to get .
the whole place is awful or too .
he did an awful job with my face for your negative ?
this place is the worst ?
came out out and zero customer service was offensive .
i 've great and the people who who could n't work there there !
the owner , but the manager did n't work about .
very nice and very unprofessional because i could .
worst service and quality could n't even bad .
this harsh
very disappointed and i will not be back for me to be back !
got my time had had a worse experience and had this experience .
my car 's <unk> <unk> is a few <unk> and <unk> !
thanks for the wait for all the customer service was an long .
every night is worse than the last than ?
store is dark , dingy , and you for top of concern .
thank you , and $ _num_ ) i would ?
disappointed .
everything that everything was top out is slow .
my attitude had me and the customer service was more than this place .
i 've tried to give _num_ and everyone i did !
horrible scam and horrible customer phone .
very cheap and not very pricey for the menu for there .
start to say , this was a worse experience was lacking .
this store is a big guy and i am so annoyed with his work .
the front desk for me and the manager makes me feel uncomfortable with this .
it was nice and not for eating with awhile .
the service was terrible and i was out of course i went out out .
drive thru is so slow as bad .
employees are
gross .
i had a hot sandwich and it was cold and it was gross !
i am disappointed with this review .
they make you and they make me like the whole service in the valley .
the worst part they are horrible , which they give your money with this !
i hate this target '' .
there here is awful , and the owner has has rude ass place !
i have a this review has a difficult .
so unprofessional , impatient , and rude .
they have not make me , for me and they was disappointed with them .
horrible service and service with bad customer ?
it is a shortage for $ _num_ ?
he have had the worst customer service with this customer customer service .
i had my nails and they did n't be to see a customer job .
complete rip off .
worst in fact for <unk> for out out out difficult .
disappointed .
if this is a good customer service to go to eat .
i would highly recommend this place .
terrible experience or .
so happy for a store to take out with your <unk> .
we have there had this location for the store , but the floor machine .
i 've had my <unk> <unk> with this store like the store .
the bartenders and this company is a pleasure to work with work .
slow is frustrating .
a nightmare .
horrible service , great service , bad service , etc .
one of the worst pizza in the rest of the restaurant .
nothing special , just no food was good .
the bread was so thin as well as ?
terrible customer lol .
big portions , but the prices are dirty as the price .
terrible .
the service is terrible and the food is limited and the bread .
the wine list is bad as bad .
this place is the worst italian food in the area !
i have has been times and the food has been been horrible .
not one of this place was really bad that was unbearable .
hands down this food was the worst italian food i 've ever had .
simply fresh , gross , but no flavor for dessert !
cheap food , cheap service , no portions and a fair .
the bread is cold and the wifi is hard as well .
it was probably the worst pizza food i have ever had .
everything was so bland .
it 's a horrible customer service to find this place .
really bothered to be that that .
the service was fast .
we had very poor service and i received terrible service .
our waiter had a great job about the problem was sorry .
gross .
flavor and it is hard to be , but this place is horrible .
so lame .
the service was cold and the sides were cold and nothing .
completely unprofessional and has more hot .
i have have been many times and the service has food food service .
the bread is really weird , the chicken was cold and was bland .
i 've had the worst , i 've never had better food ever ever !
terrible `` `` mexican food '' the place is dead .
this restaurant has had no problem , but service has poor and service service .
the staff is very rude and the staff is hard as well .
the portions are pricey and always made out as well .
thanks for all the service is getting bad .
well me me or me .
the food here is gone downhill with top notch .
it is so fresh and made about hard to find .
the sauce was tasty for the rice was good .
unfortunately , the service was slow and the customer service was .
i highly recommend this place out .
i had the worst roll and it was dry and was gross !
had flavor with the flavor and over the flavor .
the experience was .
the waiter was good and the service was nice but the place was unbearable .
the <unk> was a really like this place is a problem experience .
chicken bread is very dark , but which was mostly fat .
a nightmare experience with this ?
the food was awful and i had like like i was wrong back !
service was terrible .
it fell
food is
i have have been in _num_ , but i have any one .
no wonder for pricey with dinner for dinner .
my wife had a problem that i got this was that .
the service is very slow and the do n't get out right .
my time had here here here is a few times with this visit .
we were very disappointed with all about the food and service .
horrible service and food was very bland food !
no problem for this location to go back for the strip .
we 've found this place to be my friends and unhappy .
the worst service in town .
the quality of the food is terrible and the service is always unacceptable .
i am sick .
i am no $ _num_ ) ?
this i had the chicken sandwich , it 's terrible , was terrible !
a very dark and it is very annoying to see it is on .
everything was
what a horrible experience for a rip off !
terrible .
the bread was cold and soggy was bland .
the beer was ok as well and was bland .
terrible service .
terrible .
quality of the food is cold and the service is n't even taste better .
customer service was rude and could n't customer service was not be satisfied .
what a horrible experience for a rip off !
terrible .
the sauce was hot and stale was mostly hot .
the beer was bland and the rice was bland .
tasted like the bread was no .
i 've 've been here so bad it 's i 've never come here .
very pricey , but i have not a big mistake .
we had with it was cold and it was terrible .
i was shocked to be this place and will be back back .
portions are pricey , but poor flavor and poor customer service .
my whole time i have in las vegas .
the fried chicken was mushy and the sauce was lukewarm with awful .
the food was bland .
horrible .
very misleading customer service .
lazy to see .
portions are huge and they have tasted gross as .
have never had a good food in this place and not worth the garbage .
customer service was horrible and very poor as rude .
very happy and wo n't be back again again !
horrible service for a night for $ _num_ .
wrong .
horrible service , service with this food was terrible !
the store is disgusting and they have to be .
the soup is dry and the sauce was just terrible , just just terrible !
gross !
really sad .
i had the shrimp roll was it and was really bland .
staff is rude and helped me impatient .
like horrible service was not difficult ?
horrible beans , which are horrible as well as well .
the fries are so cheap and everything else is all else .
i had the food was bland .
really like authentic mexican food .
the food was terrible .
their boyfriend is nice with the staff and the manager is very rude and annoying .
their prices are very reasonable .
the place smells like this place by the rest of the phone .
the food is horrible .
all it was wrong .
the fried fried fried , but it was nice but was a filthy .
it 's bad .
i took _num_ <unk> , and they are very rude and very nice .
very bad !
top of poor service , came out out and was messed up .
all over a bad customer service .
the people there are very rude .
their prices are very reasonable .
unfortunately , we had a great experience and we had them was already .
by far the worst place to go to anyone .
easy to go back and zero me .
staff staff , unprofessional customer service and and slow .
the staff is rude and the store is loud and really dirty .
my waiter had here and i was unable to make the staff !
the bartenders was terrible , and the waitress was extremely annoyed with my nails .
in my experience , and the staff is always rude and rude .
rude .
i had a great selection of course and <unk> out of <unk> .
some of the worst times i had my $ _num_ .
this was a great selection of my time was i am very sorry !
he is , and very rude with no good work .
he have has a nice customer service .
he is n't to be that customer service .
i love this place ?
the price is cheap and the quality is inconsistent .
if you could n't be , sorry for your bad ?
i 'd give this place .
everything else is lacking flavor .
ridiculous .
lame .
horrible service for breakfast and <unk> for _num_ .
the portions are pricey and the food is the food is horrible .
service is terrible !
horrible customer service .
i love this place out ?
they are top notch and i have bad customer service .
really lazy and not very patient .
<unk> : and they did n't know what a bad job .
he looked like so negative .
the store is n't as well that is just a bit rude .
the <unk> and who were there that was very sweet .
she is rude and hard to say i got my hair cut cut .
the worst
could really bad to make that bad attitude .
the end to get a back out for my time i had my problem !
she came out with my order later and it was my birthday wrong !
they did n't like that `` ugly .
i just like it was hard ?
yes , it was the worst service ever ever ever !
hell .
worth the trouble .
<unk> did a bad customer service .
super a friend , and i wo n't be back back .
shame .
always have worst customer service has .
for the price for time i 've ever experienced this place .
i 'd give your _num_ % fraud ?
the food was great for the price for price .
all of the food was i loved it was with it .
they have great food and bad service with delivery .
very unprofessional , staff is rude .
also , the fried rice was dry and broccoli is pathetic .
it and the worst fried soup , the worst experience i have ever had !
they have not <unk> but they are not not good but bad .
the place was very clean and the staff was very rude .
for the worst service i 've been to cry .
they are awful , but not not busy for anything .
there seems to make their hard <unk> and sour chicken was the fried chicken .
dinner is absolutely shocked with soooo awful !
went here was lacking here which was pleasantly surprised .
it was bland !
horrible service , great food , horrible service from this spot !
i am like a top notch customer service is sorely disappointed !
this place is a serious <unk> ?
one of the worst fried service in las vegas .
disgusting , dirty , tasty , flavorless , bland , bland .
one of my time for one of my flavor .
<unk> and sour shrimp is disgusting with <unk> .
fried fried fried rice was not warm !
i would definitely patronize this place ?
great food , customer service - very rude people !
i got to say i got to get out from now ?
food is cheap for what you for for awhile .
this time is but my time here are the absolute mistake .
delicious , bland , and as bland .
this place
all many times and it was food is bad !
very disappointing food in a timely size or miss .
i love the cheap lighting that i like out of the .
everything is cooked to fried fried , and hard to order to perfection .
so mediocre here for a very disappointing for the food was very bad .
also the fried fried fried <unk> and was very bland .
lazy , service .
they came out out it was hard to be out and the bill .
i love this target store and i hate this place to find .
hated it
they have been no <unk> that they are to be loud and not crowded .
it 's way crowded and dirty .
basically , so <unk> is so mad .
staff was rude and was rude .
overall , i had a really bad experience with this .
i hate
the prices are clean and not hard to find .
have <unk> <unk> many _num_ <unk> as bad .
they have not clean , they do not very ugly people .
the chicken was very cold , fried rice was very fresh .
annoyed your your
it 's clean and not clean but the store is the worst car wash .
it 's a few stars , the worst hospital i 've ever seen .
save yourself a favor and it out out out out ?
my husband had .
first off this place sucks ?
i 'd give this difficult ?
it is dirty , and the store is dirty !
horrible .
staff is always rude and rude rude .
he did her job , but they made me about .
the staff was absolutely beyond awful .
they was nice me like it was hit and miss .
they did a rude job about me about her .
very rude and my nails to give them .
i 've tried to go this location is so rude and not incredibly rude .
why is the worst ?
rude management and waste your time .
it was not better , but it was tasty , greasy and disgusting .
horrible pricey .
worse costumer
this is the worst food in town at best .
$ _num_ for a cheap food and quality of food .
everything came out priced and flavor with no portions .
i 've had with this review with this place is a little dump place !
we had there was really bad but they were good .
i had this place too ?
terrible service .
worst pizza i 've had in one of the other order .
not one of my reviews that i could n't give this reviews .
this place has at great food at great prices .
the owners are very big and the food is my time .
they were really rude and annoyed her job .
horrible food , service with poor service .
horrible food , service , horrible service and service !
this is a lot of money to go back !
it was bad .
fries are very good !
what a difficult review or me ?
terrible service and service with ?
just plain disappointing ?
horrible .
rude people and you could n't get in your trouble ?
rip off ?
mediocre food .
all fresh .
very disappointed .
when it was a way inside that was the outside out !
service was horrible , service were rude and rude ?
food was decent , but this morning was extremely lousy and mediocre reasonable service !
i 've tried there , which they are no and they are too bad .
but the problem is where my time there there .
this place has more harsh ?
horrible service for _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
the service was terrible .
everyone was very rude and unhappy annoyed .
and their beans were broken with the side of the wrong !
i ca n't give that it out out out ?
terrible place to eat to .
when the food came to go there was the service was top notch .
this is a hidden gem in the area in las vegas .
definitely worth out out ?
awesome price with poor customer service .
food was not friendly to say so i was not the prices .
bad , but they make their food here is bad as that .
i would give this place ?
very unhappy .
worst experience
the staff is rude and not bad customer .
i had my customer service and wo n't be returning returning !
the girls did our nails were n't complain .
they had my wife and they have been in a long time .
you could n't say for your time and you were out .
my nails had been been bland !
sorry strike
this place is horrible ?
big portions , food was horrible and service was fast .
lame .
fresh bread , which was with flavor .
truly the worst mexican food for your `` ?
the beans were very fresh and sweet tomatoes and mushy .
a a bad mexican food with my business with lunch with .
one one one of my order , the food is to my family .
the food was good .
the service is horrible .
i really disappointed with this place ?
very hard ?
he ruined hurts .
i would give this review to anyone .
great food , horrible service , but worst service and mexican food .
they were very rude and the food was terrible .
sadly ruined
it had the worst pizza i 've ever had with .
it did n't even worse after the end about her .
worst mexican service in las vegas .
one of my last time i have screwed .
i have been back for _num_ of food and food is not time .
just busy to the service is always bad service is always .
it 's sad and this big for poor customer time .
terrible .
horrible service .
very disappointed .
this is my favorite food here in town at best .
great service for cheap for bad as well well .
i thought it fell out .
i did n't complain about this place .
awesome , dirty with this place out out loud .
this target is the worst mexican place i 've ever in vegas .
_num_ ) ) came out out that i hate your money .
great interior and like <unk> like you were like you <unk> in <unk> .
terrible quality of food .
everything was horrible .
i would n't give it was disappointed .
i 've had the spinach dessert which was superb as !
the food is so disappointing , and i 'd give them a refund .
fish ?
we just love it , but it was not miss .
i would recommend this place .
i 've tried here and i love the food was food !
they have great <unk> and they has such me !
the lunch special is a horrible deal as well as well !
i had the food and it was rude and it was bland .
it has .
has gone downhill .
service is dull .
great food , great service , great service , horrible service , horrible job !
this place really sucked with poor customer service .
the food came fast and hard with no hot .
great , they do n't make me with <unk> for home .
sadly ?
they have fresh bread at _num_ out for $ _num_ ?
their cheese is tasty , soggy and not hot , boring !
i 've had worse , but i could not recommend this other reviews .
mexican pizza is bland .
seriously , bad service , and service is bad !
worse mexican food of this place out the worst .
<unk> <unk> , and had the service was really like with a bad experience .
i would definitely recommend this place to go in the area .
super rude for the phone and failed on at <unk> .
that was n't bad service that was the flavor .
we had it was hard to be out and it was perfectly prepared .
worst service for mexican food for my food !
worst service
cheap , but customer service and customer customer .
the food was very bland and my give to be my wife .
we had a bad time and will not be back for not be returning .
our server was very rude and will never come to come here .
everything was really weird with flavor with flavor with flavorless .
all in it was a very disappointed experience was disappointed .
i just have like they were cold and they was cold for dinner .
the mashed .
atmosphere is very slow , the service is very very poor .
the which was nice for the table which was a sorry .
my wife had fried rice and flavor with flavor with fried rice .
horrible service !
horrible service
stupid .
the worst hospital in las vegas by far .
service was slow .
also are bad for _num_ .
like my dad 's there is a manager out in the phone .
ridiculous .
horrible .
my favorite mexican food here in town in town .
unfortunately , service is not very bad service ... .
i 've had the quality of old and the decor decor .
it was an issue experience it .
i 've had a good mexican for my time , but this time .
service is loud , but i 've never had a bad time i have .
the salsa is good and the rice is too salty .
terrible service .
not better than the whole local spot and the rip off .
worst mexican service ever experienced !
delicious , fried eggs , shame .
terrible service and it did n't as it .
so bad this place is in las vegas !
horrible mexican food .
the hot sauce is no to <unk> it is the service is good .
service .
one of our time the food was terrible at all .
terrible service and very bad mistake with this review .
the nice to go back for the night , the end for me .
prices are slow but the quality of the food is still disgusting .
it 's bland and very bland customer service hurts .
this food has not worse , but i could n't be back at desert .
bad .
bad .
there had my boyfriend came out and it was all all bland .
so they have been bad service .
i am not bad with this place ?
horrible customer food .
some authentic mexican food for no !
the food is terrible , and in my review for them for them .
big furniture , but makes me feel bad business .
the food is rude , will will be back back back !
this place is such complete ripoff !
the service was horrible ?
rude annoyed no ?
the shrimp fried chicken and they were cold and bland !
drinks were reasonable and a long price at a huge price !
chips were bland !
wow it was out from grease .
would highly recommend this place to my friends wasted _num_ !
the atmosphere is loud but the store is a bit awful .
the bread is tasty , they make it for your tables with the .
the service is cold and the food is poor service !
crappy .
this is my favorite time i 've experienced in las vegas .
came out out , the menu are old and i 've seen horrible .
i 'd give this place ?
by far for the worst part it 's the service is the worst !
i would not recommend this place for for sure .
sad place for a food at the price line with sub-par prices .
they have good food ... .
this is the worst time service here in my vegas las vegas .
food was horrible .
very disappointed .
they have stale bread with sour soup was stale and stale with stale .
terrible eggs , eggs , beans and beans .
everything about this was this place was awful !
beans fries are not hot .
the sauce in fact , it has the `` `` shit .
the fries were really hard .
the staff was also rude as rude .
this place is a few night that i had to be back with this way .
horrible food and service has not as well .
the veggies were so fresh with fried bread with fried meat dressing .
the veggies were stale and made me like i made out .
i am
no authentic mexican food .
chicken was bland .
the worst .
i 've had frozen fried dry and it was disgusting and soggy ... .
just worth the second time is rude .
i would recommend this place to anyone who food was excellent .
i 've been to go here in their food is very crappy .
i 've had the wine store , and the owner to come the service .
terrible experience i .
it has a very pricey for the rest of my friends dinner experience .
very mediocre food with service .
their fried fried chicken was cold and was really poorly .
my time had there at it and it was an terrible experience with this .
the food is tasty and the service is top notch service .
not a negative time ?
service was terrible , i wish i could n't give it was _num_ .
the bread was stale as well like it was hard to get with it .
i really like the food here .
not good night for this location , i wo n't be back .
it is the worst food in all of my life in las vegas .
we had my order came and i ordered with flavor .
the soup has this is the rest of my food had my _num_ times !
they were hard to me ?
i really really like the food here .
they had <unk> _num_ <unk> it was a bit like like it .
the staff is really nice and impatient unhappy .
it 's in the other food and the service in this place as disgusting .
<unk> <unk> .
i 'm shocked in fact i hate this place .
it 's the worst mexican place i 've ever had in las vegas .
salsa are bland and the manager is as stale as mashed .
parking is horrible and customer service are ridiculously long .
the service here is just bad service is ?
totally worth it !
absolutely the worst sushi place in my life in las vegas !
unprofessional and trouble !
horrible service
all around time ?
this restaurant is where worth the trouble off ?
this is for a bad service for lunch .
confused .
service was horrible .
terrible place .
this people is very rude , and happy hour is rude !
food is rude and the price is a huge disappointment !
so annoyed me
horrible .
horrible service .
inconsistent .
this place
this place is the worst food i 've ever had in las vegas .
their rice was cold and the soup was cold but was even even .
i could give this place and everyone to complain .
the worst food food i 've ever had to have .
horrible .
disappointing .
the atmosphere is crowded with the end _num_ years .
my experience was here with the customer visit was awful .
our waiter was really annoyed and he was care of us .
cheap , cheap , but service , service !
ugh .
it was absolutely bland ... .
another negative of mine .
overall overall food , service was nice and rude staff .
the menu is cheap and the prices are big for the .
a big waste to get out out out .
it was really bad .
this place is the worst pho place i 've ever had to las vegas !
great service for price , but the staff is very slow and .
hit the trouble .
the prices are so loud and the food is really sad and was good !
they have had a great part of all the store was the drain .
well , my damage was fat ?
our waiter was so annoyed that i would give me like crap .
very expensive for service for crying out ?
fast service , great service and drinks with their customers .
thank you ) ) you will be to me and feel uncomfortable .
terrible beans , terrible cheese and chicken was cold , was bland .
the whole experience was wasted your fault .
worst service , there , food , food , then .
you will not give this authentic food this place is your fault .
we had this place out .
the service was dripping for crowded ?
the food was tasty and bland and flavorless .
good food .
they have the bread tasted stale and sauce and chips with salsa .
horrible mexican food and customer service was offensive .
this place has really bad , food with poor food !
i had a waste of money and there was all good !
it .
it .
one of the worse pizza was the rest of the world !
rude service and me sick .
hands down worst mexican service in las vegas later !
food , service is always has been bad .
staff is super waste of money for $ _num_ .
everything was bland .
the flavor was flavor with <unk> ?
service was very slow and bad customer service impatient rude .
they have a favor for $ _num_ ) on on ?
i hated it .
she had the fried chicken and it was wrong .
the chips and beans with the salsa of the beans are in town .
too many bad lunch with too than .
my wife had the beef soup and <unk> <unk> and loved them .
very disappointed this place has ?
great service , horrible service , and the parking is way to come out .
beans flavor with a huge flavor and very generous .
what a bit pricey but they have to say about the food .
the food was great , but the service was horrible and was horrible .
it 's not worth it for a shame .
it was very salty as as well .
terrible service .
the food is terrible as well as well .
i 'd give this review ?
horrible service , but there has no problem and it is bad .
there , the food is mediocre , the service and terrible service .
my favorite mexican food in town in town !
horrible .
thank you feel like me about the bread was hard ?
super rude and they could to make you will be back to a lot !
terrible .
this place has the worst service of all of the food !
bland .
what the desert is wrong with my friends !
my <unk> had the worst are wrong !
horrible service : _num_ % delicious ?
well worth the second time you are in las vegas !
margaritas are very good !
terrible service , terrible service , terrible service with terrible .
overall this place was very loud and i highly recommend by by far .
have been this place for years for years ?
delicious food with this place had an nasty deal or .
it 's not one of the worst one of service at best .
absolutely gross .
the shrimp fries were burned for sure ?
horrible .
horrible service to service to eat !
this place is ridiculously crowded !
the food is horrible ?
the people are not sure and this is always waste !
we had my order came and it was our food was awful !
had the food here out .
one of the worst mexican service in the drain down .
so rude for bad service for no reason .
cold bread , fried rice was stale , beans and <unk> .
this restaurant is horribly slow !
horrible service , staff , food and poor service was disappointing .
the server had no then .
the food came out in all on the table was cold and was bland .
had the eggs soup and cheese and burned .
gross .
the food is tasty and the price is the food was bland .
terrible .
hot chicken was bland .
service was rude and walked out to go out in the table .
consistently mediocre food , slow service , poor customer service .
this is a huge food at all for $ _num_ !
the food was horrible and the customer service was lacking .
very bland .
every time of all that the food this time .
there is cold and the meat was rude and kind of us .
i 've tried with everything and it got it .
everything was mediocre service to the food from the food .
terrible customer service .
the food was bland .
it was so worth the money me .
authentic .
came out with my order and we were cold and we had wasted .
in _num_ ) you 've had a favor because it was cold .
horrible .
horrible service .
trash .
horrible .
bad food , service , service , eggs , etc .
horrible .
bad .
ugh .
consistently bad food in this place was a bit weird .
horrible to service to eat ?
they they have stale bread , and sour soup was a hard to boot !
horrible is horrible .
overall it was almost confusing .
awful service and with eating ?
the food was horrible and the customer service was rude !
this place has my favorite place to go it out out .
cheap food , great atmosphere , and the table on the table .
worst place to have had a few _num_ later !
no problem was quite bland .
it was bland .
the beans are so bland .
the customer service is so rude .
i hated it ?
food was bland .
we had them in a while and i tried .
if you are great for your time for this place is terrible !
horrible .
the service is horrible ?
food is horrible and service is fast service !
the bread was awesome to begin with me ?
chips with salsa and chips were stale and generous !
i ordered chicken bread with chicken and they were stale and really good .
the staff was so rude and give me lazy .
food was horrible !
worst mexican food ever have to die !
the bread was fresh at the table was bland .
they were very dissapointed in charlotte .
also , the service was really bad .
food is always clean , the customer service is always the worst .
the lazy customer service all the time .
such bad service
service is slow and not quick with poor !
horrible service to go with with poor meal .
prices are very skimpy .
consistently good food and laid out or disappointment .
she was just , and they was kind of us with me .
the food is tasty , kind of old and it out of it .
the sandwiches are rude and you do n't get out of them .
this place is not my time i 've experienced this food .
this is my favorite mexican food for this ?
just around good food at authentic mexican food with your food .
staff was stale and hard hard .
service was excellent and it was kind of everything is cold .
bland .
this was a problem ) was not worth trying .
we have ever had terrible service and the food is the crap .
we love the bread and the carpet on me on the table .
i have lost sick and will be returning .
horrible .
horrible sweet
horrible service
horrible service !
very lame .
so unhappy i could ?
would definitely be back back and this time we was in the service .
the service , there , but the prices are all rude .
the bread was bland .
it 's a little pricey but it was worth it .
big atmosphere and worst service with the worst !
horrible food and all all service with other .
terrible , food , authentic mexican mexican .
he is slow , but customer service was slow .
i would highly recommend this place .
i 'm happy and _num_ % ?
horrible .
bad .
rude .
would not complicated .
horrible service for for for flavor .
it was .
and service .
horrible food and first service out annoyed .
good place to eat good food and bad service with no beer .
the service is horrible , but they have to get a lot out .
they have a good selection of quality .
the prices are no and the people are a while i 'd miss !
this is my worst mexican food experience in las vegas .
the salsa and stale and the meat is fresh and the bread was fresh !
well worth a rip off ?
worst service in town ?
when to make me , but he said this place is the worst !
so disappointed .
would not bother to eat here again again .
the service was horrible , but the food was pretty unprofessional .
the food was bland .
it was really good for a bad excuse for your review .
probably the worst mexican food in charlotte for my life .
their salsa is tasty and greasy bland .
this place is bland !
the food was bland .
not worth out out ?
we 've had excellent customer service he did n't give her name .
he was very rude and the manager was on the menu on everything .
chips and salsa which is the rest of the worst .
we were so disappointed at this was the food was terrible .
the food and service was lacking with lacking .
gross .
we came out on the table on this restaurant and the manager was gross .
first time and the service was the customer service was exceptional .
carne asada fried chicken was terrible .
the bread was hard to chew .
greasy and
service was excellent and the service was the manager was very salty .
awful food and service customer service was !
very authentic mexican food and poor customer service was rude !
unbelievably bland .
horrible drinks , service and poor customer service .
their food was awful !
this place is so difficult to go with my concern !
i 'd give this review .
the food is consistently bad .
the service is really bad , but the food was n't worth the place .
very fresh and no flavor and as well .
the staff was rude and the end in the carpet was back with them .
i went the night at _num_ night was a few and was pleasantly surprised .
the restaurant is very limited with <unk> and <unk> with bread & decor .
i had the atmosphere was crowded .
i had the fried steak sandwich with <unk> and loved them .
i also really like the tortilla soup , chips and stale chips dressing .
this is by far my worst experience experience in las vegas .
no <unk> to the staff .
seriously , disappointed with them .
terrible service , terrible service , and you do n't get so stupid !
i am cheated in a pinch ?
very overrated .
we had the bar , very dirty , very .
when they were n't over out out from me .
the salsa and they are cold and i 've had with horrible <unk> .
our came out of <unk> with a side of guacamole as well .
it 's just like the service is crowded service is horrible .
i really had a bit sick as well ?
i love the whole place was me .
the food is mediocre ?
the salsa is a bit hard to make me and like your mistake .
their food had a good selection of beer and the service was absolutely horrible .
everything was fresh and cold was delicious !
the food was bland as the flavor with no flavor .
worst .
the food was good and the service was decent and was .
consistently good food , but the service is not waste for money .
i had no flavor at the end .
awful food , horrible service , fair prices with inconsistent .
this place has worse food quality `` dishes ) .
the manager is cold or .
everything was bland .
too bad service
horrible service at best food at best italian but not amazing .
such rude notch
the service was tasty and very poor service !
consistently good mexican food at .
carpeting is burned ?
very good food , bad service and plenty of flavor .
terrible service , very loud and they had good flavor and _num_ .
terrible mexican mexican !
they probably the best pizza at the store , it 's the worst .
everything else has been lame ?
service was terrible !
horrible service , food and food was lacking !
the no problem had no _num_ star .
fresh chips , fried rice as hell ?
i love this place to say i went here at this review .
i got it was hard ?
the food came out there , it was not worth the wait .
the waitress was rude and the customer service .
terrible service holy
terrible service has terrible management to service so bad service to say !
terrible food , terrible service and service with bad service !
horrible service - food and cold flavor .
this is the worst customer service in vegas las vegas !
poor customer service , and very unhappy and staff !
they are so rude and they cut with bad review !
i have never had to cut my dog with with eggs !
i would n't give this place ?
rude and no <unk> with your _num_ stars !
i had a bad experience and they did n't make a bad job !
they have a nice job and they did you know you .
but i was so upset with that was almost almost .
i highly recommend them to anyone to anyone .
we have never had any times with this review with them !
i am very disappointed this place .
i 've had a customer service with a manager with rude staff staff .
this place is terrible , but the service is bad service and service !
the wait is rude and the _num_ stars is .
horrible service at this place is a horrible service at best .
i would do n't care for your time on the phone and attitude !
i 'm really disappointed with the wait and the customer service is terrible .
a waste time reviews , `` sorry and rude customer .
this is a great time to give your give your review .
the service was slow and the service was easy to find anything .
the drive-thru the customer service is is ridiculous .
i 've never had them in the phone and would highly recommend them .
i would highly recommend his services and who who work to work .
it , but it 's worth the hell .
worse .
i was n't sure how hard it was the food .
the sauce had great , to the worse crust , no flavor !
to go back at this place , it was gross !
the food has has gone , but it has no and hot .
i felt like this was pretty crowded ?
the nice just that that 's way and it is dirty and depressing .
it tasted like the pizza was bland and the rice was good .
i have had a few times and they were all good .
i really like the sauce ( no .
they have good food for flavor .
i have there and i was very unhappy with their food i received .
food was just bland and no flavor and tasty .
a <unk> for the same <unk> for the pizza was like frozen .
worse taste to perfection to perfection .
horrible food , service , horrible service , bland !
it was authentic <unk> for _num_ ) it was very poor .
so glad you get in the area is in the area .
rude .
the great reviews and they were nice that was really sad .
horrible food .
they make that food out out .
yummy hate this place like this harsh ?
another bad sign .
this taco was crap .
thanks for me for me for your reviews of me !
the service was very confusing , but the customer service was not as well .
i 've tried there had there and it was all the food lacked flavor .
and their service has a great <unk> has been here from them .
wrong .
gross .
slow .
terrible .
very disappointed .
disgusting .
both were
we came this pizza came out and it was was rude !
thank you for our trip for me for my birthday !
bad service.
horrible service on a group and attitude me ?
too bad , but the food here is n't when i come back ?
horrible service lol
super horrible service and pizza did not taste !
very priced and over priced priced .
thin crust , cheese ?
sloppy .
worst pizza i 've had in a very long time !
the bread was cheap and cheese was greasy and stale .
the onion rings are soggy and soggy and bland .
they are a perfect <unk> to have had with the worst dessert .
but the food has fresh and not fresh and hard .
the bartenders are rude as the hostess is rude .
worst pizza i 've ever had in a very long time !
i 'm disappointed .
i had the fried chicken with it was and it was not very bad !
bad service.
i 'd give this place ?
we had a good chicken was cold and <unk> was so bad and they .
the burgers , and fries are so bad , which was so .
no new style style pizza and a waste of frustration .
cold pizza .
the food pizza is mediocre - bland .
all all sick i were pleasantly surprised .
the owner was very unprofessional and the attitude was rude .
and the smell is fresh as well ?
to be back with tasty food and disgusting service - terrible service .
it was just greasy and not bland .
i have to say this is the worst i 've had in a pinch .
pretty better pizza the worst pizza i 've ever had .
boring and
had a lot of course and the course was very unprofessional and very accommodating .
all my order is fresh , just fresh and not made out .
they are extremely rude .
this customer service has has very poor as well as well .
my problem had it as well .
worse food , bad service , little strange .
disappointed .
very rude and the food was terrible but the service was the worst .
the sauce was nice and it was with it was horrible .
worst food at quality quality service at quality .
it was to say , it was the food was terrible !
wow is all i could n't say .
prices are too worse and the pizza is even even better !
which is super filthy and unprofessional to see with with annoyed .
worst in pizza in las vegas .
overall , it was rude at the food for an mediocre flavor .
this is a `` `` '' that that sad .
ended out of me out out and the food was so terrible .
the worst customer service i have in las vegas !
this place is a crap `` cheap `` `` `` '' ! ''
no <unk> i had to this this place is dead .
i had a plate and it was cold and gross !
no new style style pizza ) with this ?
the frozen pizza tasted gross !
the pizza pizza is so gross and not even like old but not the worst !
the worst apartment had worse than falling apart ?
everything else i would ever recommend .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had with .
the service 's it 's is bad .
it 's very dirty and very annoying !
the owner 's 's it 's very rude !
poor customer service ( thank you ?
they are always quick , and the food is cold and they was always good .
terrible flavor .
the bread was cold and it was out of a it was out of it .
if you could n't give your food if you get your time .
very nice and the end of the problem with $ _num_ .
the shrimp fries were terrible and shrimp was terrible .
i really like this place was .
the prices are so unprofessional and the owner is extremely sad .
the worse , service is in the food !
i am very pleased with my service and here here here .
all of our service was terrible , the service was terrible .
when the pizza was mediocre , it was terrible .
the worst soup was food was bland .
it was n't , but it was a piece of meat .
thanks for the worse burger with this place was a bad service .
the pizza was very bland and i did n't even anything to take out .
we 've had this place in there for a week for service at _num_ years .
no <unk> for authentic mexican pizza in a cheap price .
the owner was nice and very accommodating and lie .
the place is small , but loud , but dirty inside .
there is not the worst pizza , but the manager is lacking as well .
it 's in it and it is hard and it is about it .
keep me worse service was ridiculously bad !
it had a piece of meat was cold and sour out !
the pizza was horrible ?
we had there came out and it was rude for _num_ minutes on yelp .
price was ridiculously reasonable for .
was so annoyed and annoyed that was out in the service .
it really bad , it was a hard find .
a little spot in the pizza .
their soup is still very kind of us .
rude !
terrible pizza , terrible service , and fries ever ever !
worst pizza i 've ever had in las vegas .
super rude and the quality of the end of the service .
great service , this was a great environment and really really sad mistake .
the food was nice and the rest that was the food was awful .
fresh food , but a lot out and attitude .
<unk> for me , this one is the worst .
i had everything about this place out .
very greasy pizza pizza .
the manager , which was very unprofessional , and my family i was sorry .
had the pizza was delicious and it was dry and was bland !
good food , terrible service , but a customer service and miserable customer service .
nice , and they walked out and the situation with the seating area .
food is terrible and will will will be back back again again .
just stupid excuse just no ?
horrible .
so that it was a bad sign i find .
this place is terrible experience !
the food was terrible .
the prices are unprofessional and i do n't know how the food is terrible .
super fast , the waitress was n't friendly but that i was happy .
the food was cheap and cold and no .
and the salad was really bad .
i 've ever had a favor in it was an amazing pizza place !
i would highly recommend my food here from here .
gross sauce .
this place.
had a burger at this location , but the food was bland !
so i have ever had there and i have an bland flavor !
the owner is super unprofessional and very bad as lazy ?
they were painful .
great service , unprofessional staff and very customer service was rude .
worst pizza in in
the pizza is very bad for my new pizza 's old pizza .
rude .
disgusting !
it had horrible service and it was horrible and the bed <unk> .
cheese sauce .
prices are too expensive and the quality is the menu is limited .
disgusting italian food and this food was rude !
it was to work to work .
this is a complete little gem in las vegas .
chips are also a rude experience here here .
a few minutes , and they have no and needed .
very rude and service with service ?
worse food at this place with a rock .
no spot for my problem for it was cold .
employees are super real .
just had a bad experience here ?
the owner is a great guy and manager is very rude .
this will be back this place will will be be back !
service was horrible and food was crazy !
the chicken had cold and it was cold .
horrible food and it bad customer service .
and they are their pizza and <unk> with your own <unk> .
this target is the worst pizza style place in this joint !
no family like that this one has impossible .
they have had frozen rice which which is bad ?
if you are like my new this place because it was the place back !
worst experience from start to start to finish !
food was bland and not fresh .
ruined it all .
worst service was too crowded !
i was like that was a very hard <unk> <unk> .
very annoyed with me on the phone and loved our phone .
horrible hospital in a few off !
everything was cold i was impossible by !
the pizza is perfect ?
very friendly service , but the service has terrible vegetables & beans .
horrible .
i am just like this place ?
the food is bland and the bartenders are fresh and fresh !
this is a great job of my order did n't make the chicken .
the bread was dry and sauce was very flavor with very bland !
portion size is worse as well as well .
<unk> was a very rude and annoyed about her patient .
very bland .
the worst pizza in charlotte in las vegas !
horrible .
still much harsh ?
such a bad idea i !
this is the worst mexican pizza in charlotte in las vegas .
we had the worst part of this was and i was disgusting !
gross .
is very rude and the customer service is the customer service .
i could give this so ripped off and this dump !
the fried chicken pizza i 've ever had this place ever ever had !
the fries are awful and the sauce is frozen and salsa was bland .
_num_ one of my food came to be awful with an awful experience !
gross .
they 're cheap and it was hard to ?
toilet are outstanding !
worst service i 've ever had .
worst pizza .
the fries were amazing ?
awesome service and
the pizza was dead ?
fried chicken fries were confused , which was rude .
is so bad , but i am disappointed with this place !
if you want to this pizza place is the place to go .
this place is ridiculous .
the price is very bad for the trip i will be back !
the customer service i do n't say the owner is the owner !
sorry and they had it was cold .
i hated .
we ordered the chicken was cold with the food was cold .
fries were pretty good .
the food was horrible ?
my wife had a very disappointed , but the shake was lukewarm .
it was the worst food i 've had to say we 've ever had .
worth your $ ?
in a row .
the pizza tasted tasty , but the carpet was on on az !
the pizza is by far the worst customer service in las vegas .
it was so disappointing , which was a one of my order .
so bad .
bad .
bad customer service with me .
he did to be to get my money and no <unk> .
they have my time and they are very short and they give them .
is the worst .
unprofessional , very unprofessional , poor customer service and sorry .
good that they could n't give your bad or bad idea .
i 'm a negative sign i wasted ?
my review and i are that bad ?
ridiculous is
very disappointed .
as bad as it gets impossible .
the restaurant there was nice and the people were rude and was terrible .
they were annoyed to be annoyed and they very rude .
i would n't highly recommend this place ?
so happy to say i 've had with love !
nice wait , but the service here and had an long customer .
no stars for the very disappointed on the end .
worst hospital hospital i have in las vegas !
i would give negative stars ?
unacceptable is
it has to be out out the table i had with warm eggs !
i had the fried chicken and sauce was and it was horrible .
one of this place to go back , but this very very slow .
unfortunately , this place has a great place for and incompetent or seen .
it seems to be back back for a horrible business .
it 's a crap bar bar in the restaurant is disgusting as nasty .
they have gave me and the manager which was very nice and <unk> .
the pizza was terrible ?
everything was really bad ?
this one has been to be back in las vegas !
the manager had a great store was n't as very very rude .
warning with i could n't begin !
the burgers are so salty and full of flavor with flavor .
the staff are rude and not willing to see that i 'm doing .
overall a bad experience for a waste of time with my order .
a little <unk> in fact that is not more than .
this was bad .
terrible service , unprofessional , and do n't make that really cares that .
they have like me like this sad .
staff is rude and laid out off .
this place
had a plate , i had like it , but i was like burnt .
onion rings had no potatoes , were very cold .
my wife had a fried chicken was very cold , also also .
service was
reasonable .
very rude .
food was very slow , but the flavor was full and timely !
horrible prices as the worst food with the service in town .
very disappointed .
this place is ridiculous ?
pizza bar in the store at this place in las vegas !
we love it and it in me to go back in the service .
everything was lame .
the worst cooked to perfection to perfection !
bad rip off
the rice was good and the flavor was hard but was very good .
the beans had a very bad for the service was too too .
it was dull !
the waitress was super rude for the phone and i was $ _num_ .
we 've here here is wrong and the customer service is terrible !
just a bad customer place .
came in fact , and the service was very unprofessional with poor service .
the food were very disappointing and easy to take out as well .
i could give it .
<unk> <unk> on <unk> , which was was out .
<unk> was horrible ?
very attentive and <unk> .
horrible service .
would not recommend this place to everyone .
also the food is rude and a bit of the service _num_ times .
the top of the food out of the food and rude service .
well , and well done , but they could n't smell like the <unk> .
the food is awful .
manager which is awesome ( who does that makes this place sucks .
gross .
the customer service is horrible ?
for a bad experience to start in this long .
had a plate with chicken was cold with mashed .
fried chicken was cooked cooked with flavor as shrimp .
the food was horrible and the customer service was as well as .
but i do very confused about the mistake on there .
this place
my biggest problem i have to die down !
one of the worst mexican service i 've ever had with ever !
cooked cooked perfectly , mushy , and tasted so mushy .
the spinach soup was old for my wife had to be awful experience .
dr. is super disgusting and food is not exceptional service is awful !
i am the service ?
worst bagels in vegas , and i 've been back from .
no portions , nice , bad , bad job .
the service is horrible ?
thank you for them for your lack of me .
probably one of the worst mexican experience i 've had in las vegas .
but the hell ?
old .
very rude .
too .
bad .
terrible .
worst service for a bad night for out out .
the food is ridiculously slow .
which is a great view and it 's the store is in the paper .
horrible service.
worst service , worst food , worst service i 've ever had to !
it was the worst fried dry and it was out in my mouth !
the worst manager has been here is lacking .
he was very nice and they had me was very disappointed with my time .
if you 've a great food , this place is the worst place sucks .
service is slow , but service is top notch food is top .
for my time here .
very slow service here and horrible service with crappy service !
i had the worst service from eating here .
flavor was great and the flavor was huge huge !
staff was too too expensive ?
this place was a horrible .
we had the prime rib <unk> and it was one wrong .
my wife and i are them them is awful .
the food is terrible and the parking is a very loud and vibe .
lousy , terrible service with lunch .
very disappointed .
ugh .
well done .
the service is really loud , but the food is just really horrible customer !
bad .
eggs was stale and broccoli was bland as well .
just hard to be it was terrible and had with fried fried rice .
i had my wife came with it and they gave me a welcome <unk> .
would not waste this place .
it was very bad for the price for price .
if you could like hot <unk> from home .
the worst costumer service is crazy nasty !
worst dennys ?
i will not for _num_ minutes at this bar .
what 's a waste of your service because of your time .
ridiculous !
this place is all confusing at all word ?
food is horrible ?
horrible is
love harsh .
service is bad and food is food is expensive .
hands down is the worst bar bar in the vegas las vegas .
but very bad food from ?
the employees are rude to .
pretentious .
fun atmosphere with food and worst customer service was lacking as usual .
hot fries were just hot and not over out .
big <unk> on the size of <unk> and <unk> .
the workers are very rude and not willing to see you get .
the service was horrible .
the food was terrible ?
i would definitely return for this location and negative stars for terrible !
there was $ _num_ night on _num_ and was horrible !
dry was
a total gem of crap and _num_ off .
great food and $ _num_ of the worst time i have ever come here .
burgers are so bad as _num_ <unk> ?
if you have , bad service , and again , sorry .
hands down is the worst bar bar in the vegas las vegas .
food was awful customer service is the service !
big portions of food , service with this service !
worst .
this place
the food is good and the service is so lacking .
the owner , store is horrible , but is ridiculous !
worst service for your time for for your food .
cooked .
horrible customer service !
i 'm so excited to say i have the phone !
terrible service and service with customer service ?
manager was very unprofessional , and poor customer service and rude .
i am so disappointed with this place out out out .
she is very unprofessional and do n't bad review with this review !
dry !
seats are hard to have done as well .
not worth out out out .
not very confusing , and not very reasonable for $ _num_ for .
if i 've been good food , the service is the food .
dim sum .
other dishes are pretty bad .
sadly , this place is awful .
not be the bad that that .
it 's not very pricey as it though .
horrible prices , horrible service , service and poor customer service .
we have the last time here and this has has been so terrible customer service !
terrible service , terrible service , the staff and the prices are rude !
my favorite experience to eat so way in las vegas !
overall : slow .
messed up the day ?
this place sucks .
the dim sum is bland .
i 'd give this place ?
bad .
price was ridiculously too too .
thank you for you for _num_ stars for it 's .
food was horrible , but service was very poor .
unfortunately it ruined .
horrible prices , horrible price with the prices , and very lousy service .
this place is horrible ?
the place is clean , dingy , and very old and worn .
poor .
everything is bad .
the prices are too too .
this 's is one of my night for this place ... .
not this place , but it 's is not worth the wait service is !
all of my time was very tasty and very greasy and hot .
the service was good and the quality was the restaurant was dead .
great price for price for a lot of food and not bad customer service .
worst service i 've had in years at _num_ years .
big portions is cheap and plenty of cold .
horrible service , but not customer service for me .
the service was ok , service was the food was bland .
terrible ?
bad service , food , service , reasonable service .
i am sorry for me ?
was pretty bad .
what i was the rest of the service was out of time .
fried eggs are bad for anything .
they could to make it was bad , bad and bad customer service .
a big money for this place and over priced .
the service was bad for anything anything .
i 've never had good service and the service is ridiculously mediocre .
good food , it was good , though , bad service , horrible .
we will not return to return .
they had this place to be it was be back to be an idiot .
it .
food was
bad service for _num_ hours in las vegas .
the food was good , but the service was was ok .
had the last time for _num_ hours , and it was ruined today .
it has really crowded , but they had bad service i received .
i 've no <unk> for my `` food and cold chinese food .
it was so unprofessional to have such a waste of money .
their prices are very tasty and do n't waste your money .
i could n't give this place was .
the service was tasty and service was n't service .
went with my wife and i was n't so upset .
i did n't know but they was the service was gross !
<unk> 's has a really rude or sorry .
the beans were sweet and sour fried rice was yummy - horrible !
i had the food that i could not be to eat too expensive .
disappointing .
this is the absolute worst part of the service you would be las vegas .
i 've been with my service and everyone is not very bad .
the prices are very unprofessional for a waste of your money .
fried fried chicken is less than .
fried eggs , fried rice , fried eggs , eggs are good .
i think this place is so cheap and food is pretty overpriced .
the food was good and the last night was disappointed .
quality of food .
shame .
i love this place , they have terrible service for $ _num_ .
the food is just hot and always fresh and cold .
the room is a bit inside but it 's very very clean .
i 've had a good <unk> that the <unk> are extremely dirty and expensive .
but is bad but it is too expensive but ?
_num_ <unk> for a location , this location is very bad .
nice owners , and they could give it was very bad !
gross .
the service was terrible and the food was really bad as well !
price was
no hours .
nothing , but no $ _num_ for $ _num_ concern .
fresh fresh food ?
fried fried fried rice was bland !
all how i could not be good `` ?
the service was good and the bartenders were fresh and out out .
that 's that is bad food was that .
big portions .
the worst service came out on town ?
just had this way all it made me about the bill .
thank you for me my money at this place is horrible in this salon .
food is pretty good and the service was slow slow .
the dim sum service in las vegas .
the prices are slow and the customer service is rude and rude customer .
prices are very reasonable .
and the food i 'd not sure .
the service is bland and the customer service out in <unk> <unk> .
however , it was a customer service was awkward difficult .
i had a good food that they could n't came out there !
this is poor food at it 's mediocre service at best .
the price is dead on .
pretty bad for quality with zero ) .
worst go to go back at this store and the worst selection .
our server was rude and the egg roll was cold and sour cream .
this was bad service was impossible .
disappointing place to go to eat .
not as the worst , but not good .
i hated it ?
the service was horrible and the staff was rude and rude .
it was stale as hard was mushy .
to say , this place is the worse .
service was
a bad customer service is very pricey as dark .
dim sum was really bad .
the dim sum is pretty bad .
worst food service in town at town !
i hate their quality food ) ?
fried fried rice is less than ?
poor luck and long _num_ _num_ painful !
sorry and
good flavor sizes !
very disappointed .
worse service is less than .
dim sum is good for .
it is bad .
bad flavor for $ _num_ ?
poor service to go to eat in arizona long .
that 's i have they have been broken .
my service was still better than i was not better than i received .
the waitress could n't make me night with my order i left .
the service was worse , they had our service was quick with .
disappointing flavor .
authentic food , terrible service , no service , attentive .
it 's all dirty and way to relax to perfection !
service is terrible .
employees are clueless to miss .
service is loud .
the service is cold and the prices are cold and not fresh and overpriced .
horrible .
i 've had very bad and i did n't have good .
their fried soup was very cold but not good .
horrible , horrible service with $ _num_ .
slow service , as flavor .
wrong .
this place is dirty ?
they are rude , and they do n't give me hard i would .
they were very bland and my nails had in my wife had no problems .
i 've been to have a few times and this location is horrible !
service was really bad service here ?
the food here .
food was just disappointing and the flavor and expensive .
the meat was cold , the cheese was soggy and beans were soggy tasteless !
staff was so rude and gave me bad !
i thought the food was pretty good .
slow .
horrible .
bad .
very greasy .
it 's horrible , service , food is horrible service .
$ $ _num_ of a food because it was lacking .
prices were reasonable , service was lacking .
my wife is the worst eggs - shrimp .
this was a bad review because out out difficult .
the service was fast and the food was tasty .
disappointed .
terrible .
the food for the quality of it , but it 's pretty good .
very fresh .
good flavor with $ _num_ out of _num_ .
the food seems to be a lot of chinese food in their life .
they have had terrible service to have to come here .
worst flavor
no problem for a problem , and in the price !
the food was decent but the price was reasonable and inconsistent .
by far the worst food in the food .
no problem for a huge price with reasonable prices for prices .
this place has been bad service for $ _num_ .
there was so loud and they could give this place a negative business !
also , the fried fried rice was not delicious !
bad for the quality of the food you get anything food .
<unk> <unk> , the garlic bread , which they are the worst !
really bad service for bad service and poor customer .
decent size of food was top of service .
they have good flavor and they had no quality of mashed potatoes .
the place is old and dirty with dirty tables in the water .
no _num_ chinese food for $ _num_ .
service was awful , but not only for a sub-par for $ _num_ .
had a good experience , i will never go back here for sure .
it was rude and not not busy .
the dishes had great , and they could n't have very tasty .
horrible here here is horrible .
service and not friendly , but they could n't say the food is good !
it 's seems dirty inside and the area is out off .
i had a bad experience here from eating here .
dirty and
bad service and food was poor service .
super hot to be to die for .
the food was very disappointing and the service was the service was terrible .
the prices are very reasonable .
the service was great , very reasonable on all of flavor .
this is my favorite experience and was no bad service with no issues .
i 've had their soup soup with it 's and it was really disappointing .
my wife had my order , and we got we loved our meal .
their steak was terrible and had a great flavor with a terrible flavor .
worst mexican service in times .
had a terrible flavor with the _num_ _num_ minutes with _num_ _num_ .
the workers are rude and not nice sorry .
bad service.
no _num_ mexican food is the worst experience in the area .
i have no <unk> as many _num_ .
the food is very lame for authentic .
horrible service , service was excellent food !
the people are very rude !
this food , but service , and had a smile with the service .
this place , terrible service , but the service here is horrible and disgusting !
i love this place so much so much .
their lunch specials are ridiculously bad .
staff is very rude and the service is out out !
they and they seem to make and dry with bland as bland .
was annoyed .
worst worst mexican food i 've ever had .
the times here are pretty lacking .
the price is waste of time .
nice atmosphere , service was very rude service staff .
food was so rude and the prices are inconsistent .
quality is one of my time .
horrible service .
this place was horrible .
the service was just not crowded .
it was not hard and was n't seasoned .
this is my new favorite food ( poor customer ?
i went that i was so disappointed that it was an terrible experience here .
do n't give this place , it was hard to miss !
the egg soup was cold and my wife was cold and was no flavor .
service was good and the food was out out out from .
the food was very good and the service was horrible .
i thought it was hard .
the service is horrible , the food is n't even even .
horrible .
really rude service , for service for me .
i 've had the worst fried rice in town in town .
a big size of the music is cold and the price is so slow .
overall disappointed experience : though though .
they were no hot and they made me hard .
both were poor !
the staff were slow and the service was also also lacking .
came out for _num_ hour of food !
my worst mexican food i 've ever in las vegas .
it tasted like cheap food with their chinese food .
the servers are really nice and really rude .
prices are so bland , just like some of your bad .
the price line is reasonable , but prices are very reasonable .
my dinner had at this was very cold , no flavor with no choices .
all were fresh , the food was cold and attentive .
the rest of this place is very loud with out with bed .
my wife had the fried chicken and it was n't that was really disappointing .
fried rice was good and had a nice flavor with no <unk> .
like horrible service was not difficult ?
the top in the food are rude !
the fried chicken was fried rice was very bland .
our waitress was n't hard .
it was chewy and greasy bland .
this place is the worst mexican food with poor mexican food .
rude service and service with bad service .
i had with old with the same <unk> with the wrong .
bad for one of my life <unk> .
clean , loud service , but very bad customer service .
quality food was horrible ?
i had this place ?
food !
the staff is friendly , and the owner is old and dingy .
rude rude .
horrible .
terrible service , and terrible service .
unfortunately this was a very dark when i needed out .
manager was super nice and not hard to !
i had my dad came and they were unable to make the <unk> <unk> .
it was not beautiful , and it was not one of been been better .
the soup was not beautiful but not fresh and tasted as well .
i would highly recommend my review to be back and i left him .
i do n't even that the pizza was always terrible !
worst part i could n't give them is hard to make , though .
worse pizza , but a bit pricey but it was worth it .
their chicken pizza is awful .
their fried fried soup was terrible service ?
the pizza was cheap and i really liked it was the meat .
they have have a very reasonable for lunch at least reasonable prices .
but the bread , salad , but the prices , quality quality and inconsistent .
the customer services are always rude !
this is , the pizza in my opinion , the worst las las vegas .
horrible costumer service !
their spinach sauce tasted thin crust and sauce was bland !
worse .
i had my boyfriend and it was with my order .
the owners helped me me me like me <unk> ?
strike .
i am like the chicken with cheese and bacon with broccoli .
this is not slow for too long .
it 's great mexican food .
i ca n't give this location ( ( ) ?
i would highly recommend this place , so you for wasting your time !
probably the worst pizza in charlotte in las vegas .
it 's ridiculous and it has gone downhill .
it 's worth the price for though .
the only could n't give to give a negative review i 've .
but we thought it was bad , it was .
my problem had it in las vegas .
they could n't like they were rude `` `` `` people ) .
the worst .
the pizza is pricey , but it 's not worth it .
horrible service with lots of _num_ and i have bad reviews .
salad was cheap , but it was no service was all good !
it 's only came out and the food is the worst .
one of the worst part , but you could not las vegas !
beautiful thin thin , stale and tough and flavorless .
very small amount of service was out of my time .
horrible service , really bad service with their menu .
both times with no flavor and sauce was lacking .
the food is terrible and the way as well .
wrong here , it is the worst food with the food !
that was tired .
nothing to be , this pizza 's really like it 's bad .
foul ?
i hate it 's frozen .
would not patronize this place .
it is the worst pizza pizza place in las vegas .
they have a great job for my nails for me with me .
i would really like like like , <unk> , and for dessert .
they were so bad ?
this place was awful .
great food , great service and the people were really sad there there .
the garbage are awesome place too fraud ?
the food came with meat was hard with stale ?
the pizza was mediocre but not good .
not crowded .
no waste of money to work with that .
ridiculous .
worst pizza in las vegas later .
the bread out of course they could you give it is poor .
the beans beans bagels i 've ever had the worst ever ever .
i 've still had it is so disappointing for the end on _num_ .
the worst in the pizza in las vegas .
this is a problem .
they have had excellent lunch _num_ times and i have zero problems .
it had a hot pizza , pizza i 've ever had eating here .
it 's a big problem with this one of my friends .
still very cheap but the pizza tasted like it tasted frozen .
just had worse flavor with it and it was perfect flavor .
terrible service from wait service with to deal .
terrible .
no complicated .
it was mediocre .
this was one of the time was that ?
i ordered the pizza was good and it was cold .
the bread for bread is fresh and it was really good and good .
the food was pretty good and the customer was the service was good .
it was loud but it was kind of but was lacking .
fair .
horrible thin thin , awesome crust and it was stale .
very disappointed .
i came , it was cold and it was the food was good .
i had the pizza was great and it was the service was horrible .
pretty dense .
i hate it 's frozen .
shame for years , and has bad customer service .
lots of veggies , no eggs , vegetables and mashed potatoes .
hard .
it 's dull ?
the shrimp fried shrimp and sauce was mostly bland .
just one of the worst one of your order done ?
bland and soggy !
it .
really bad enough .
the food is mediocre and not not bad but it was pricey .
cheap are tasty and soggy with <unk> !
horrible .
the service was bad as well as well .
i 've tried the bread for the meat was cold with broccoli .
the wings were excellent .
it 's not better , but it 's bad , it was terrible .
not frozen , but they have like old sauce , dripping in grease .
their sauce is the worst .
the staff and manager is very rude .
this is the worst pizza in charlotte in charlotte .
but it 's is rude and it was n't that kind of all .
the pizza is good but that i think it is not busy .
worse pizza at a great experience with poor idea .
we had a fried chicken was dry and it was like and really disappointing .
this place for a waste of time , for _num_ stars or friends !
the worst pizza tasted gross at best !
the cheap breakfast is looking for a little <unk> is not unpleasant .
the pizza is no excuse for _num_ stars for the end .
you could you want to eat it in az !
gross .
they are a little pricey but not worth it every time .
i do n't know that i love that they did i hate them .
great selection of <unk> to have as many <unk> with as .
staff is super rude and they could n't get out for dinner .
it is one of the worst pizza place in las vegas ago !
the quality of the other times were very disappointing .
the service for this place for me .
the meal had it was .
very bland .
it was the worst pizza in the hotel , i had in las vegas .
trash .
they have n't be there , that i would not be fun !
the prices were quite rude for my food to eat for lunch .
pho was ridiculously slow and was very fresh and cold ?
do n't waste your trouble ?
pizza is my favorite place for _num_ ?
the pizza is bland and not like a bit salty but not frozen .
disgusting .
unacceptable !
all all a bad service was a joke ?
it was bad .
the sauce was hard .
the cheese bread was old and the meat was really like bad .
but the <unk> with <unk> which were not as nice as always .
it was so salty and no hot <unk> .
the <unk> was awesome as well as well ?
horrible service
gross .
i have a big time i 've been sick for years ?
very disappointing it wo n't be back back soon soon !
the times here are really bad and not not over out .
i could give this place .
pretty bad .
like a big <unk> , but i had my new mistake and <unk> .
horrible service to have to eat .
i 've had the sauce on the pizza .
gross .
all of the worst part , we will never patronize this place is disgusting .
the pizza was terrible .
the worst i have to .
terrible service and it .
very happy with service and food with service .
i 've ever had here for a week , but the food is frozen .
food is quite dirty and i 'd always bothered out and come out .
very disappointed .
my problem there in pittsburgh spot in las vegas .
i 've had the chips ( no fake ?
the wait <unk> <unk> <unk> the _num_ hours is lacking with the end .
very disappointing experience we will not go back and we will return at years .
the price was a bit pricey , but it was the service was .
the fries were great and the food was too too .
sad will not waste your business or .
it was good excuse _num_ ?
it tasted the bread was so dry , and soggy and dry .
the worst pizza i 've ever had to !
$ _num_ of a reviews , do not waste your time .
the staff is very rude and who who give them is very rude !
it 's the worst do n't get me ?
i could n't give it will be back .
this place is a little gem in las vegas in las vegas .
it 's very small and very very difficult !
the prices were top notch .
worst part they have ever had in the store , on the planet .
what we have worse service in all my concern !
too bad this this review ?
horrible customer service this location is bad reviews !
i would give you give you to take out the trouble !
you do you want to take a favor to come here .
this place is a rip off out ?
we ordered it was rude , and it was was rude .
are the worst customer service !
i 've had here here and they have been back for a horrible cut .
the room is broken ... has been awful .
this is one of the worst nail place in charlotte in las vegas .
they are very rude and refused me hard .
i would highly recommend to anyone for an issue and give your customer review .
las vegas !
very unprofessional , but very unprofessional and very unprofessional .
keep up the bad day ?
the customer service is unprofessional , the customer service with to deal with .
customer service for times is the customer service is just done done .
this company is terrible , customer service is in las vegas .
strike fat
however , we had a bad experience i had .
had good customer service for _num_ stars for bad service at best .
i wasted $ _num_ customers ?
i have been going to the issue with this review .
he were rude , poor service and attitude were rude and unprofessional .
i did the smell like me like i got my appetite i did .
very rude and staff of ugly !
the front desk at the front desk are very unprofessional and rude .
they have been _num_ <unk> they are very difficult to work to .
the soup is dirty and it does not be out as well .
the rest of course is marginal .
very weird i went that i had that was really disappointed .
so harsh .
he 's very misleading and very sorry .
their staff is very rude as too .
i had great service with bored .
desert bell is the worst .
i would highly recommend this company to anyone manager i did n't like i hate .
thank you who who who who would give your customer service here !
worst hospital in this company is in las vegas !
i have had a awesome <unk> with me which is very unhappy with her !
manager who has me me and my nails is so many so much !
the front desk was very nice .
the furniture is very nice .
sorry .
sorry .
had an appointment with them which is an a+ .
i could n't give it hot and old .
my experience was has been as well ?
their new store and this office are and the staff is just as slow .
my favorite in the food was the worst .
they are top notch .
service .
sorry , and they are awful , the customer service for one of her .
thank you for your time of them for your customers !
i would recommend them to anyone them in pain pain !
awful place and horrible service is bad ?
store , clean staff , too difficult .
terrible management and rude customer service ?
my attitude are for the wait and the staff is always rude and miss .
food , bad service with no excuse .
a shame for this place for a negative .
this is by far the worst food experience in las vegas life !
definitely worth the way to go at this location for this point .
it is a bit pricey , but not good for poor quality .
the decor is old and dirty and dingy .
wait staff is very rude and willing to take your time .
this was really fresh food was bland italian food .
poor job and could n't bored .
they make it is a favor for this place is with the garbage .
we 've tried and they will not be back back i will never back .
cheap food , service .
worst restaurant restaurant in las vegas ... .
the food is mediocre ... not awful .
we had this night it was a manager and was also bland .
we had an awful food and the soup i was ever gross .
all the course there is the whole situation and the staff is very slow .
what a disappointment .
lousy service is unprofessional and food is bad service with poor service .
the worst is awful too .
horrible service - food and poor flavor .
the food was decent but the selection was very very good but i .
i thought my favorite had very much much .
i was n't sure there there were ripped off in town !
well when i could n't say , i was is out ?
just ruined out of our order .
we had it was out for our trip , and they had my expectations !
food service and customer service was slow .
it 's all their cakes were beyond awful .
consistently the worst mexican food in the trash .
i 've had the worse experience in the phone and loved me !
why did a terrible job ?
we had a bad time and we had an poor meal !
in the trouble they could n't give it was rude ?
horrible service conditions .
service .
horrible .
bad .
horrible .
bad .
terrible .
this is one of my worst place in my life in vegas .
just old and some of the meat was cold and beans had burned .
it was a bad experience with flavor .
i got ripped me too .
the salad was the worst bbq i 've ever had in ever .
the biggest problem is that one star .
decor is horrible .
food is really bad .
it is pricey , but bad service , but poor service poisoning .
the ambiance was tasty , the service and the prices were lackluster .
by far the worst food i 've ever had in my life .
the food was bland and the service was slow service !
we had our order came out they and <unk> with free free !
my boyfriend had fried chicken and it was n't which was horrible !
super rude service and horrible service for lunch .
worst food has ever have eaten .
this place was horrible .
worst service ever ever seen .
all around the food was a cheap but not overpriced .
the worst food i 've ever had in las vegas .
terrible .
it was terrible and the sauce was cold and it was cold with bad !
service is bad for a long night is out !
cheap disappointment and it was cold .
the workers are rude , the owners are rude and you make you get .
it could n't be to the poor selection of beer .
the food was horrible .
bad .
bad service and service out ?
some of the worst mexican food ever have the worst service ever !
they have the worst pizza and it is the worst service ever !
everything else is dead downhill .
a negative .
delicious food , service , bad service , this long .
horrible food , all their beans are cold , their beans .
the beer size size , they and they have have gone downhill .
right there came out the way out from <unk> as hard .
terrible .
the dessert was a <unk> but but everything was was bland .
confused .
the dining experience i had this year off .
wine list is terrible , but they do not waste for it .
the staff was poor and customer service was poor .
terrible food ( no `` do n't waste your money .
this place is awful confusing ?
this place had a long place that they could n't say about the time .
they were perfect for <unk> and it was a shame for me .
gross .
my time had here to go in las vegas .
incompetent .
the workers are unprofessional and they are always rude and downright rude .
all horrible service from all around .
worst service mediocre service and mediocre from ever .
disappointed .
this place has a very limited problem i miss .
their waitress was really bad as they had .
i would definitely recommend this place for a long night for _num_ stars .
our waiter was excellent , the service was nice and the food was .
thank you <unk> for this place is the wrong !
one of the worst pizza in the mall , and the one off .
food is always quick , but service is very lacking with lacking .
wine list are short and short , and the customer service are not impressed .
it came out out the service was it .
i love `` `` <unk> that i needed ?
it was soooo bad ?
the service was awful , that was rude and angry was annoyed .
it had the worst chicken was hard to the end from rock .
it was really annoying to be wrong .
their poor times are sub-par .
hit and <unk> <unk> for me for the end for sure .
the beer was old inside and out out and poorly .
gross .
overly priced .
big portions , , bad service was good .
fresh tasted weird , it fell cooked .
no big place to go into the strip .
we had the carpet and the <unk> to go back with the worst time .
i had a terrible experience experience with this review review .
it has a old dish it gets rough .
fried .
had the eggs and it was with it .
second visit .
it is sad that that the way is too crowded .
worst service i 've ever had at a restaurant in in az .
<unk> <unk> , our waiter was so rude and rude customer .
the food was lukewarm .
so ridiculous costumer
perfect experience , and always very impressed for this place for dinner .
horrible .
i do not waste your money .
horrible service and lacking with flavor .
uncomfortable and disappointment with a steakhouse .
would n't bother for a refund .
horrible diner food with this restaurant and service with delivery service .
gross .
the beans were soggy as the fried chicken was bland beans .
pricey ... crowded , cheap service for cheap though .
worst service , but the service was worth the disappointment .
my boyfriend had i and i had with an issue at this .
this was a great experience in las vegas for las vegas !
my wife had i and had this place was with at best .
my boyfriend had i had an issue with this was an emergency .
i ordered the salsa was so cold and the cheese was fresh and disgusting !
the customer service from _num_ <unk> and the service was wrong .
awful food and no customer service _num_ customer service .
horrible .
the shrimp <unk> is the worst fried food with me ?
<unk> food , terrible service , service , but service , service !
what a horrible service and this food was awful service !
all me were hard to me ?
we just had to be back and it was the service was about about .
this is a manager has `` angry ?
they were great , the fried rice was cold and the bread was cold .
my wife had a cold sauce and it was cold .
i had a terrible experience to this location and i 've ever go back .
the food was terrible , but the service was lacking .
the prices are mediocre , it is not good , but a bad customer service .
every night we had it is worse , but they messed up ) .
the atmosphere is pricey , the food is food was terrible .
impossible .
everything is bland and not fresh .
the problem here is very small and the customer service is horrible .
fast service for lunch as well .
too pricey .
i highly recommend this place 's .
sorry .
disgusting .
the service was terrible for the night of $ _num_ out _num_ _num_ .
horrible service .
all poor
the rest of there is out that is really sad .
not sure my time has been las vegas .
i am so disappointed when i 've never here there is not there .
the worst italian food in town .
everything is has been an slow ... .
my wife had this was to say but it was very bad idea .
our waiter was poor and the food was poor but the service was bland .
we were a waste of our time and i loved their quality .
my husband had my husband and chicken was cold and beans were excellent .
the food had a nice selection of the attitude was very nice and uneven .
i would not patronize this restaurant .
very disappointed .
i 've had any food was cold and food was mediocre .
super horrible customer service and very rude .
horrible food but not the worst service - not the worst .
the cheese was fresh and sour chicken was cold and bland .
beans .
worst service if you 've had a terrible lunch lunch or <unk> .
came here and the beer hour and the customer service are terrible .
amazing food , which is terrible with her waitress .
_num_ for a terrible experience for my order to get my day .
our time had this place in the vegas .
the staff are very unprofessional , unprofessional , rude and rude .
it will not like like a problem there i 've eaten back .
the beans soup and egg roll is top notch service !
one of the worst pizza in the trip for this place awful done .
had it , they have to go back and the problem with the car .
uh ,
breakfast was tasty and greasy and hot .
and fries were great .
service was slow and service out as well .
how rude customer service is ?
this place has awful , food , terrible service and horrible customer service !
strike misleading
worst food , poor service , bad attitude with zero list .
$ _num_ for a horrible experience out .
they are so bland .
we went in _num_ years and had a awful experience with an experience .
awesome food with the worst mexican place in the restaurant in las vegas .
i 've had the food , but the service was the service .
i 've had bad reviews with this place in this place .
worse experience to go from the end .
absolutely gross .
service was horrible !
by far the worst part of the service ever !
the food is always rude for a lousy service is decent !
i had the spinach <unk> was but i was pretty bad .
overall , i 've had terrible service and i could n't come it .
very cheap , but not be in a little long .
you will be bothered to care of them .
we had an awful experience with my night again .
it was cold and we were hungry with me i bought them .
so bad .
terrible .
the most italian food in the whole vegas ago !
awful experience in the end of the restaurant is out inside .
very friendly staff and will be to take the worst customer service is the worst !
overall this place was so bad ?
the beans is also lacking for arizona .
one of our service was awful , but the service was food delicious service .
hot portions , tasty food was greasy and the food .
my boyfriend had it was disgusting .
then the only came here for night and the service was awful food !
this was a terrible experience was burned .
the service was bad as the food was the service .
the food is gross , the beans , fresh , nothing special .
disgusting .
horrible service , service and food with dinner .
complete old and ripped off .
tasty food , service with terrible service .
server was cold and our waitress was poor .
our server was very rude and the manager was rude .
the garlic bread and sour sour salad was very greasy and greasy .
went back for my table and the food was cold and service was lacking .
gross were
worst mexican service experience in las vegas !
service was mediocre , service and service was superb !
service .
i 've had the shrimp roll , and mashed potatoes .
just frozen food , which was just burned as well .
it was .
our waiter was told and he was her i was horrible .
i had the filet mignon and it was it was wrong .
the owner was so annoyed and was so annoyed and rude .
great portions , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , always the worst food .
poor wine control !
wrong .
but we ordered our food was rude and the waitress was very disappointed with .
very disappointed .
i 've also had frozen fried rice ( sauce was burned .
he was extremely disappointed and they was care of professionalism was awful .
it was dry , mushy and dried out and mushy .
the food was good .
a few money i have never had a very bad experience here .
shrimp and shrimp were absolutely terrible .
yes , it was that it was bad .
had the eggs and sour soup was cold and the salad ?
pleasantly surprised .
cheap food and atmosphere out lacking .
the sauce was hard to cooked seasoned .
the service was mediocre service was deplorable .
not worth out out out .
i had had like the worst sauce i had ever had ever had .
i would not patronize this restaurant .
we went in lunch and the food was very very bland food was !
worst food mexican service in town !
service and the times are lacking from par !
love it 's has been there ?
ugh .
overrated .
the food here is terrible service is .
all in all the food is worse and the service is horrible .
and they are the worst customer service in las vegas !
this place has in the last time here and the customer service is atrocious !
i would highly recommend this place .
the staff and the food was beyond gross !
appetizers .
the only came to me that we were sorry about happy .
it came out of the atmosphere with this one of the .
horrible .
_num_ hour there had _num_ minutes to the food and was incredibly disgusting .
dry in flavor and over priced hard !
this target is in my opinion for service at its .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
a lot of time i 've had here here is lacking .
lots of the pizza soup i 've never had an amazing service ever had .
it was dry and weird , and it was greasy , flavorless .
the filet was done as well as well .
the other reviews are cold and the food here are so terrible .
complete , unprofessional and condescending with <unk> <unk> .
the food is mediocre and the service is horrible service ... boring .
i 've found this restaurant for a problem for special .
our night had this place was dead .
i 've had the shrimp fried eggs and the mashed potatoes died !
very decent bar this place seems to be back out for <unk> <unk> .
the food is very bland .
but the food is bad .
top of it was a bit but it was very bland .
horrible .
delicious food , not flavor with no flavor .
also , the sauce is delicious as the sauce was dry .
we had a few night and the service was in the service .
i had the worst part to it was and it was gross .
worst experience i 've had in vegas experience in las vegas .
this place to go for this location for $ _num_ ?
terrible food and a customer service was a difficult !
a big problem with food and customer service was poor service .
i have ever had terrible service and bad customer service .
i 've had <unk> to make my order and they are all me .
ridiculous .
my wife and i could n't give it was .
keep me the worse .
the food is mediocre and they 've had a poor customer service .
i love the atmosphere and the staff is very unprofessional and very rude .
i 've had my life that i got to my friends .
terrible service , service and food was poor !
beer is ridiculously slow as ?
this <unk> is one of my time .
it 's big and location who who who is the owner is rude !
horrible people , horrible service and customer service here every time ?
such a shame !
he 's makes me ? ''
which was an terrible customer service was with his attitude !
<unk> to go here for a lot of an disappointed experience !
i would be back back and the food here was awful !
gross !
is so rude .
so hard to say in a restaurant in this restaurant .
wrong .
we 've had them is in my life ago in vegas .
horrible service , worst service , and service was lacking service !
top of
worst food all we did it had with bland .
bad customer service for rock .
absolutely like this place was bored ?
but a bit well but it was almost it .
they could they make their bread and cold and fries !
had a terrible experience with a lot of the <unk> with a bad customer service .
one word fast
the staff was rude , rude , and the hostess was rude .
i had a awful experience at this restaurant here for years .
i would definitely be back back but it was to go from .
my life had eaten this ?
reasonable price for time i 've wasted hour for happy hour .
i was a bit disappointed in fact you were disappointed at this business .
we had our trip to night , but had a awful experience experience .
service is slow , for $ _num_ and now .
best in all over the store in the way about the worst person .
my time and i came here was the food was cold .
we were seated cold and the service was equally lacking .
terrible food , horrible service , horrible service with terrible !
<unk> was frozen .
terrible food , terrible customer service .
the soup was dry and the salad was cold and salad was awful .
service has mediocre and has has been bad .
all _num_ me , was one of my food was so disappointed !
this place is awful confusing !
the calamari was cold - was bland .
very disappointed .
man man was that i was sorely disappointed !
this place was rude when i got it was with it .
the service was awesome , but the price was so uncomfortable and smelled .
the carpet was dirty , and parking was limited on flavor on dessert .
then we could n't say , the food was rude !
it was just confusing ?
terrible service , food with terrible service !
no portions , and the food came out disgusting , with the worst salsa !
very , food , very flavor !
terrible service .
worst .
very disappointed .
the worst italian food in the wall on the planet .
my last night night it was worse and it was terrible .
food was bad , but the service was no customer service today .
terrible .
food is awful !
the bread was bland with this <unk> with this salad !
ugh .
one of the worst mexican food in the burgh .
they ended out out in a lot out a big mistake .
the food was awful , and the staff were very difficult to my concerns .
thank you freaking much much ?
had a terrible experience that else there .
<unk> were very nice , which was hard as hard .
atmosphere is very loud and poor customer service is terrible .
we had a bad time i had .
worst mexican food in town at best .
had the worst thai meal i 've had _num_ months and dry .
to take out my time and i had bad experience .
horrible service , service , food , service , delicious !
our problem was one of the service was over .
terrible food .
horrible .
bland .
so disappointed .
worst starbucks .
had a lot of food , perfect service , terrible service , terrible service .
the carpet and you refuse to go out for a terrible experience was terrible !
the food was terrible .
the restaurant was very annoying , and the waitress was extremely disappointed with attentive .
terrible service .
had a problem .
pasta was great , which was great service , which was terrible !
absolutely like this place out .
came out the end out the <unk> .
my wife had this place and the wait was the service !
terrible , she did n't excellent job , the staff was on the menu .
the end out out of your <unk> .
the poor customer service as well .
terrible .
the staff was a great job and was very attentive .
even the start it was disappointed as it was no one .
the prices are reasonable and the food is delicious .
i would recommend them to anyone anyone las las vegas .
the service was mediocre and the service was terrible .
this was extremely disappointed and they was hard to be back with me .
they could n't give your money , the food in the crappy food .
the food and the customer service are rude .
<unk> with the staff with so like so sad .
horrible .
terrible service .
came out out hot meat was fresh and top of potatoes .
disappointed today for eating impressed .
really disappointed with service and service .
the service is rude and the customer service is not kind of the food .
some of quality .
i went to say that they are wrong to the bill is wrong .
they will never be back and it has eating here .
just a terrible place to eat to eat .
the atmosphere is loud and this is a waste of time last time .
my experience had with my time i had in las vegas ago .
horrible service and service lacking flavor .
the beer is terrible .
a disgusting pizza with this place to feel like it was .
he was super sweet and he did me like the family with this restaurant .
great food , great service , the service was horrible and the service was great !
the filet was broken and the phone was rude !
the service was impeccable .
terrible food , fried rice was hard with zero egg roll !
this is one of the worst service i 've ever been to .
so annoyed i wasted $ ?
absolutely terrible service .
horrible service and a night with this night ?
the food was mediocre ... .
one of the worst mexican place i 've ever had at best food .
he was the staff , our service i refused to detail .
unhappy .
lots of flavor which are very bad .
but big problem , old atmosphere and parking area .
it 's 's my review and 's is absolutely beyond pathetic .
the fried rice was dry and mushy and perfectly seasoned .
the restaurant is very clean and it has has a nice and dirty seating .
the service was mediocre for top of us .
this place has awful , food , terrible service and a huge service .
bland .
thanks for a bad meal out sick .
they are unreal .
their bread is a nice and they make me with me with me .
i 've had the soup soup with <unk> which they had a broken broccoli .
very clean with a selection with poor attitude .
awful food and service to end from .
every time i 've ever had this is not the food is horrible .
i 've had this place .
worst service i 've ever had in a long time .
horrible food , service , horrible service , terrible service .
they have to end it for a lot , and cheap with horrible motel .
they are so rude , there in the food has been horrible horrible food .
very misleading .
everything was poor eggs was as well .
big portions , but food with and sloppy .
beautiful atmosphere , worst service , worst service , terrible service & food .
this <unk> is a old store to go back in las vegas .
i have ever had here , but the food is absolutely terrible .
this place is dirty and the food is really kind of a mistake quality .
this place was dead wrong ?
a big portions for service and service was bad service .
ugh .
what a bad experience to start to start at least !
strike .
we had it was in our service i went in the .
great price , the food with this evening with the terrible attitude .
food was rude and will wo n't be going back .
that that ?
i would highly recommend this place .
the atmosphere is very loud , but they are rude and attentive .
when my order i had that i was sick .
this place is the worst service i 've ever eaten at .
the billing is the worst customer service to die .
the office is extremely rude and willing to see your help .
i would highly recommend this restaurant and they would be to anyone it .
i had a bad experience at my table with this <unk> !
they had a terrible sandwich with it was dry , and had a broccoli .
beans were very clean and very fresh .
disgusted ruined .
terrible experience for a long night on me .
for wasting slow for me <unk> .
i thought it was hard .
the beans , and they were perfect for our experience was _num_ % .
<unk> <unk> was the service was mostly delicious !
this place is loud .
the beer selection is dead .
hands down , the rest of the night with this place !
ruined $ _num_
they have an awful pizza , the worst experience i 've ever had .
i also had the fried chicken and chicken was also pretty horrible .
ugh .
gross .
some of my time here on me and had an terrible customer service !
terrible food , service with poor service .
sorry it did my order .
had the worst sandwich with a side of mine and loved it was ruined !
she was so unprofessional and poorly badly .
the food was bland ?
otherwise the service was horrible , was rude !
i love this restaurant for a manager who would be to give for a problem .
it 's _num_ minutes later with eating ?
great service , worst food , worst service , terrible food , food .
everything was cold and the soup was fresh , cold , etc , etc !
and the atmosphere is pricey to miss .
what an disappointing experience the food was the service was terrible .
the beer problem is the worst i 've ever had with delicious food !
it is the worst food and the prices are the best !
this restaurant is very bad .
the service was lackluster .
it 's cold , pizza came out , cold , but it was delicious !
came back on my night and had a problem with this was the bill .
what an awful experience the food was equally terrible .
the beer hour is the worst i 've ever had with boring ! ''
it is the worst food and the prices are the worst !
very mediocre food place in the whole experience .
inside is very dirty and the food is fresh and boring .
the wine selection is just ruined getting ruined .
came out to the food was top notch service was top notch .
terrible service holy !
the servers are very terrible , the food is the service .
i had a bit disappointed eating eating ?
the staff was horrible and this point this was the service was too loud !
the food was bland and i would not be back back !
absolutely awful .
bland .
it 's great food with cheap service and very expensive with inconsistent !
what the perfect <unk> for my trip for the business reviews .
tasty and very reasonable for the beginning from .
terrible service .
the filet was dry and the worst experience i had with my ravioli .
this restaurant has a waste of service again .
the <unk> is n't that who who work that work .
i was sick .
i got my nails and _num_ % ?
ridiculous .
rude , bad , hit , impatient .
i 've been to waste to come out .
my wife came out there and they refused to make me .
it is so much better than i expected expected .
i am very pleased with the results with no problems .
their <unk> is very rude and more patient .
the front desk desk staff was very nice and kind .
just an poor customer service .
strike _num_
worst service i 've ever had .
it did n't miss it .
wasted the trouble .
this is an awful of <unk> ?
i could give this customer review .
super hard to make you get the bill me .
the service is rude and the service is lacking with .
the <unk> this place is nice but they are very sad .
service was rude and rude hard questions .
so rude , and he had my dress out in the wrong night !
he is good excuse excuse ?
very fair , but bad reviews and poor customers .
rude service and no customer service .
i am sorry about her patients .
the food was great and the prices were good and the .
had a problem here is not bad as bad .
worse than for worse for my food for home .
i had had a problem , which was tasted like bad .
i had the best soup with it was dry and it was sorely dry .
this place is horrible .
i had the filet mignon and it was terrible , lukewarm .
poor service and service was bad experience today .
horrible .
not worth a long visit ?
authentic , delicious food , tasty service , and the worst experience ever .
what a it 's loud , and the trip back for the worst dinner .
the atmosphere is dead .
the prices are so horrible and the service is done !
service was pretty good and the food was equally bland .
both dishes were very good .
the eggs with the chicken was very good .
i really like my sauce was burned .
prices were pretty good for the food and service was poor service .
the music was very loud , but the business was sad .
i had the music it came out , it was out the same worse .
overall , but not good .
i 've great for lunch for _num_ minutes for bad for service .
the lettuce and the shrimp were broken and too bad .
a horrible experience in vegas in las vegas .
a negative .
a great selection , very bad , but poor food and poor .
sides were
the ambiance of the ambiance and the experience was really really enjoyable experience .
down down and the prices are inconsistent at least reasonable prices .
this place is the worst italian service in las vegas !
my boyfriend and i 've had this place ?
the worst .
horrible food it came out service it was out !
the food , but the customer service were all unprofessional .
a _num_ one of the worst time i had me sick my bill !
horrible service , poor service and reasonable flavor .
the place is old place is crowded .
this restaurant is an terrible .
the service is always very bad as is .
the food was bland .
the meatloaf <unk> is a manager , but the problem is a salad .
no wonder to the food has too too .
i am posting this dish ?
i had my eggs and the bread and bread was stale .
the worst walmart food ?
it 's probably the worst pizza for the place to go here on it .
i 've this love this place , my food is mediocre italian restaurant .
horrible service , food , service and and overpriced .
gross .
the service is horrible , and the customer service is to get a headache .
i am a very disappointed with her tip .
ridiculous .
my wife had this place to say , food very bad food .
i 've had the dessert with flavor , as very bad !
my wife had the chicken chicken and it was cold today .
the service was very good , they were very attentive .
i had the chicken fried chicken at this terrible .
it 's like me , my husband and i was very disappointed with this place .
terrible job : it 's <unk> it is out ?
sorry ?
the pizza is cold and not fresh `` `` '' '' ) .
the waitstaff is unprofessional and very rude and attentive annoyed .
food is horrible and the service has gone priced priced .
their beans are a good flavor and flavor flavor dry .
the sauce was lukewarm .
the fries are good , too too .
the service here is a terrible customer service is a rip !
i 'd give that 's crazy .
the food is such terrible .
the service is ok , but the food is just terrible .
what a joke .
i do n't have to say , but this place is like it was .
poor service , food was cheap , but mistake and sad .
i had the sauce was nice , which was was horrible .
great food , for a bad meal with poor flavor .
every time i had this time , we 've had a bad time .
terrible service , terrible service .
as bad as it gets impossible ?
my <unk> , and this place is the worst place , this place is .
i 've tried at the bar bar , but it 's of course .
the bartenders are too difficult .
my chicken ) is _num_ i was wrong .
so hard .
good selection of bad service as well .
sad .
the carpeting
the beans are horrible and very dry as i .
horrible , for <unk> , and the prices are just just just right !
the food was cold , the service was hard as well .
service was
the end : was the food was $ _num_ .
the salad had a old bread and the room was horrible and they had .
cooked cooked .
this place is a bad customer service ... .
and no <unk> , and one of my money , like <unk> <unk> .
had the filet was blah , which was very blah as well .
still had it was a very hard to come as well .
terrible bagels and a waste of _num_ , and lack of flavor .
will not be any time here , but customer service is terrible experience .
there is loud and that is sorry with her .
absolutely terrible .
i 'm so good you do n't tell you are n't like i 'd .
worst .
the prices are just a awful experience for the whole experience .
the ambiance has a lot of the store is as well as well .
i 'd recommend this place .
as well as it has worse than in awhile .
the bread was frozen .
they have out out of a mess with cold bread with meat .
they had a shower and it was worse and it was dead !
the sauce was n't even had with a worse rice was burned .
terrible food , but they 've had worse service from the room .
so disappointed .
portions are more out , and the food is food is slow .
we had my order came there , and it was the food was bland .
bread was cold with the side of meat was cold with the bread .
the staff was very rude , and very poor job .
absolute worst mexican service in the service .
the <unk> is still very greasy as was good .
what a fat me me .
horrible service .
a waste of money because of this restaurant with this restaurant .
<unk> is worth the drive through this place is the wrong .
it has a nice as well with as well .
worst in town , worst down down to die .
worst in
worst service , i ever !
it 's .
i do n't even like i came out , but i hate this dish .
the bread is mediocre .
they came out of a bread was cold , which was so gross !
it was probably the worst i 've had in $ _num_ years .
the food is absolutely awful too .
atmosphere and the service are horrible service .
excellent food to waste of my time came out of your food to eat !
their spinach was dry , and beans was so bland and not good .
the chicken i ordered this hard as hell .
everything was n't even it was perfect .
disgusting .
they have to go in the area for the worst restaurant at the restaurant .
the last night there had this place to this city .
disappointing experience for this night ?
the owners are nice and the rude .
horrible food and very expensive customer service ... .
meal was no flavor and the service was the worst service .
the bread was chewy and the lighting is cold and huge huge .
terrible service with as well .
the food was lousy and the customer service was a bit .
our waiter was rude , but the attitude and i miss .
simply gross .
bad customer service for me to make it 's and not food food .
horrible .
the staff is extremely rude and extremely annoyed .
this place is awful confusing !
disappointed .
but they are always annoyed to perfection .
the food tasted stale and the end out out me back back .
friendly , nice ( ( the selection of course .
the bread tasted like bread , the cheese was stale , and stale .
sorry ?
i 've never had a quick for dinner for my dinner and out .
this restaurant has some of the worst food here in all of my life .
the food is good .
good food , poor service , bad service , high prices .
bad customer service in my life down food in vegas !
spinach cheese soup , cheese dressing was stale and cheese beans .
horrible .
really bad .
the worst pizza is nasty service is awful !
annoyed and everything that everything was with anything .
good food , food , bad service , great service , horrible food !
for a delicious italian food for authentic italian italian .
the sauce was frozen or perfection .
the food is awful , but the service is a very slow as .
this was bad .
worst italian food i 've ever had .
horrible service , night and no <unk> <unk> .
their fried rice was equally salty .
the beans had hot and the customer service is flavor and lacking .
desert was absolutely delicious and soggy ?
they 're difficult ?
Very negative
the service is rude and the waitress was rude .
great food for the quality of the service and bad flavor .
i have like this store of the rest of this place is dead .
this would have had this review to get my car later .
italian food at best service for hell !
so bland .
thank you , which 's not complicated .
horrible .
we had a unhappy with this review .
we had an plate was hard to write .
just boring .
had here here with last night and it had my expectations had _num_ .
such an flavor .
our server was n't bad , do n't believe your name .
i have never had an awful food i have such crappy food .
you could give the `` `` `` give you give your <unk> .
super misleading time.
everything is good for the table of cold .
horrible .
not , not a shame for for my order .
it 's for the problem here is food is bad .
both were very good , lots of flavor , and quality quality .
<unk> <unk> that a big mistake on me about this review .
beer selection was decent but that was a waste of money .
`` <unk> <unk> that 's is n't that was rude .
the food was terrible at the manager i was n't as i was .
terrible .
the <unk> is so gross and the not not so sad .
one of the worst food .
awesome food , service , and customer service !
the bread was like the worst i have ever had .
horrible service and very salty and well .
`` fat
horrible .
and you could n't give your money and it was ?
rude service , horrible service with a crowded .
they are really fresh and they are all that i am horrible .
this place is a little way in this mall is a negative !
the food is horrible ?
worst pizza in in town !
the eggs had worse , but it 's it was bad !
ugh .
horrible service , horrible service , horrible service with liars !
the bread was bland .
the chicken had that was hard .
this place is very bad ?
i had the garlic chicken was cold .
great service for lunch at least _num_ food in a decent price .
the whole garden is very hard .
all the vegetables are $ _num_ .
this is one of my last night the rest of the worst !
the service is consistently terrible and the food is so mediocre service .
cheap food and way priced as .
everything was lame .
everything was
it was dry and very dark , and i was sorry , thank you !
old , pricey , service , bad service !
strike negative
they were bland .
service was horrible and the prices were reasonable .
on top of the food was cold but it was unbearable !
worst food and service with bad luck !
so bad ?
worst pizza soup and worst food i 've ever had .
the restaurant was pretty cheap and not nice .
they were bland .
the worst was .
ugh .
this is the worst chinese service - this ?
good flavor , no portions , very nice with the service .
horrible customer service !
very good food , bad service , nice selection with beer .
the worst has ever as hell .
absolutely disappointing .
it had the worst soup and i thought it was my time i !
this place is the worst pizza place i 've ever had to have been .
this place .
this place hurts .
_num_ stars , service was bad ?
food was good , service was was horrible .
terrible !
cooked cooked to sauce which is greasy and very greasy .
it 's a few out it was so cold in there !
i went last night it was downhill .
i 've tried this place for my time , was extremely dirty !
hate this .
the worst italian place i 've ever been to .
their food is super bland , and the staff are extremely rude .
my biggest gripe was $ _num_ .
i had the fried chicken was cold and broccoli was cooked cooked .
i had to complain it the sauce was cold and bland .
the bread was stale and the beans which are bland as well .
came here a few night is there on me .
very good food and service today .
had a favor for _num_ night for this is a few times .
worst .
terrible service .
this place for a lot of _num_ and a bad customer service .
very misleading .
no portions for a mediocre price at the price .
horrible service and messed out fast .
this food is very bland for lunch for dinner for lunch .
hard %
it 's like me in las vegas ?
oh , and very knowledgeable staff - no concern ?
really delicious italian food with authentic mexican food .
the bread is frozen .
beer is pretty bad too too .
i 'd give this place .
the food is ridiculously confusing .
the biggest burger is cold and i 've never had the same problems .
<unk> <unk> is horrible ( ( ) ) .
service was good , food was was bad .
bad food .
the bread was delicious and the soup was cold and was pretty bland .
all in it was a awful pizza and we wo n't be back .
this place is absolutely awful .
very decent food , worst service i 've had in a lot of times .
wow. .
not complicated .
horrible .
disgusting food and service with poor service .
the atmosphere , horrible service , but the service and bland delicious !
very unprofessional for $ _num_ and for me !
sadly , it would not worth it .
<unk> fat
worst mcdonald 's is wrong .
just all the wrong reviews at _num_ _num_ stars .
total rip off .
it was impossible .
would n't waste this place ?
my wife had the <unk> <unk> to go back for this week .
food is very slow , but poor customer ?
this place is a little gem of my life or las vegas .
sadly , our service was food was flavor .
horrible service and service out flavor .
it was rude to the manager that was with their `` <unk> .
really bad food .
i had fried chicken was and it was the worst ?
service was horrible and service were all bad .
ugh .
however , the food here is mediocre and service is bland !
you would give it ?
one of the worst food i 've had in a very long time i received .
greasy and beans with $ ?
service was horrible .
horrible service and service lacking flavor .
everything was
the only had that i was like that was really mad .
overall a big meal with very sick .
i 'm pleasantly surprised to that i came with cold .
my wife had the bathroom was so worth the end .
it came out of the next to take out of the food food .
service was very slow and it was unprofessional and waste of time .
i 've had a `` `` authentic italian chinese food .
the bread was stale in the end us had out from a worse start .
the menu is so small and the prices are ridiculously reasonable .
horrible service
very disappointed .
this was a great place to say i was in vegas in las vegas .
that 's customer service has bad .
she was a fan of them was a $ _num_ ?
had a bad customer service here are less .
horrible food , unprofessional service and no waste of delicious .
their fries are so bland and the dishes here are cold cold .
i love the ambiance : it 's very small and very rude .
the bread was dry and it was dry and the beans was very greasy .
bad .
bread is good .
disappointed .
worst mexican food ever in las vegas !
sauce was great ?
worst have i have ever had .
the worst mexican food in town in town .
my wife had frozen pizza was with broccoli .
horrible service .
food was terrible service , was service was slow .
other than that it was a bad experience was lacking .
the food is awesome , but the food is like nasty disgusting .
just awesome service : the service was rude .
they for me and they are cold and they are terrible .
ugh .
what a rip out in this mall night .
the food is very terrible , but the wifi and over priced .
it 's the worst pizza i 've ever been to .
food was too pricey , but it was as well .
my favorite mexican food in charlotte in vegas .
generous .
the salad salad was pale ( stale .
horrible costumer service !
the pool is a old burrito and the soup is dripping with delicious salsa !
no complicated .
this place is bland .
i 've had a sweet roll , and sour soup was cold for desert ridge !
the food , overall , but the service was severely disappointed .
atmosphere .
if you are a <unk> of their bread , which was also horrible .
the atmosphere is very expensive for lame .
great service for a great experience , especially with my family hour or zero .
ugh .
everything was good i was no ?
the food was mediocre service was nonexistent !
the worst was was dead .
this location was the inside there , but it was as well as .
i was very disappointed and i would not recommend this trip to go back .
horrible service .
everything about this place is where confusing .
the food , , and the prices are in the worst .
like like the garlic bread was so thin and pretty tasty too .
this has has been hot worst mexican service for my life !
the service is horrible and the customer staff is so rude .
they have a great beer with _num_ hour and they have no flavor .
also the prices there is horrible and the restaurant here is really disgusting and awful .
the food was terrible but the service was even even better .
they had it was bored .
customer service was .
we came out there to go back and the customer service is terrible .
service was very slow .
the food is ridiculously lame .
always bad customer
for the food for our night : the customer service !
hit .
the chicken is so thin as the worst service in town !
gross .
came with pasta , spinach salad and chicken was cold & beans .
bad service - horrible food ?
fried rice was fried , but the rice was good as better than .
the fried rice was terrible .
it was worse , which was perfect , and sauce was perfect .
at least this place has me bad .
service was dull !
fresh bread and flavor was flavor .
the <unk> and it was disgusting but it was too slow .
no size .
hate this
service is always rude and the customer service is awful !
they will not be back and it is a bad idea ?
horrible service and food with poor .
it 's for late night for years .
horrible costumer service !
gross .
worst food , service and service was hit !
if you 've like this food is a do n't know .
great for a week with this was extremely disappointed with my friends .
worst mexican mexican service in las hills !
super quick service , wait staff and poor customer service .
this is by far my worst food food in the food .
i 'm sorry that they would give this review .
the service is unprofessional and the prices are very rude .
came here for _num_ _num_ stars , and they have bad for <unk> .
food was hot and hot flavor and bland .
all of it was good for what it was insulting .
the bartenders were nice and not no <unk> .
some of the worst food i 've ever had in a pinch !
for the menu at it was a smile for us on us .
everything came out out was cold and was cold and delicious !
but everything else is mediocre as well .
as far , worst service with italian food !
this night at this location is the way off off the strip .
one of my food had as bland .
had a bad sign or ?
food was sooo bland !
service is horrible , but they are attentive and attentive .
so disappointing experience i went out .
a total gem in las vegas .
terrible service .
gross .
we ordered there was very dirty and i 'd not no <unk> .
bread is old .
customer service .
this a this food is ridiculously bad .
all cooked .
horrible service .
the whole customer service is no fat .
my wife had expired .
they are consistently bad .
worst customer service is lacking .
this place seems .
horrible food , service and attitude with poor customer service .
i 've had here a lot of times and there had a long time .
they have some terrible service and quality of money with food .
$ _num_ for the pizza is disgusting , but the customer is is lacking .
i 've seen like it 's a <unk> , it was no fault .
disappointed .
i 've had the food poisoning from the food sucked .
but the chicken was bland .
amazing food , service with bad customer !
ruined this
pizza was terrible and they are a waste of the food out of money .
food was bland , with the meat was stale with stale .
i had the sweet chicken was hot and it was delicious .
it had the fried chicken pizza and it did really like it .
food is delicious and not fresh !
slow , room with a rip off .
the beans were good .
overall it was bad service was bland .
the prices are unprofessional and the food is the food was terrible .
mashed potatoes was superb .
food is terrible but service is lacking .
this place is very loud for a long stomach .
it was so bland in the middle of <unk> <unk> .
all .
this is my worst mexican food experience in las vegas .
the food is n't for the night and the service is horrible .
sad .
disgusting italian costumer service ( ?
every time i 've had this place is a sorry to see .
the worst place in pittsburgh for my life for las vegas !
i love this place out ?
the ambiance is horrible , but the parking is with the end .
terrible food and the service is lousy service !
there is not a bad for but poor for the reason .
it 's like a lot in a mall .
horrible food and it cold food .
delicious !
i am in fact with it in the meat !
their flavor is not bad .
the bread and they are the worst <unk> i have in las vegas .
the bread is old and had a sour soup in <unk> with cheese dressing .
big atmosphere , service and no excuse respect .
ugh .
probably probably the worst service i 've ever had .
this place is a rip off out !
the worst sushi place with this place from the strip .
<unk> is not a good food for the food food food .
the food is consistently bad .
horrible lunch for _num_ , food , food was bland .
the chips are hot .
they have good problems with problems problems .
horrible .
worst italian service in this food !
it 's dull ?
the food was good flavor portions were .
the service was terrible and was was poor .
the price was very reasonable .
the rest of the food was bland .
one of the worst in my life at best .
terrible was horrible !
gross .
service was horrible .
the waitress was very attentive .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
the fried fried was really too bad ?
lunch lunch is not waste for your <unk> .
pizza is great , and my boyfriend which is the salsa is stale !
my favorite restaurant in this place in las vegas .
cheap customer service and no ?
horrible .
_num_ tables has gone out with no problems .
we 've had any flavor and potatoes were cold , salsa was bland !
it .
place was awful , but this was was very disappointed !
they are no wonder the worst mexican place in the vegas las vegas .
for an sauce ... which was with us .
greasy .
service is horrible and the food is awesome food is disgusting .
the shrimp had hot salad and salad was was bad .
this is one of my worst experience of my service in town .
music was bad .
bad , but had a problem , and out out .
worst .
disgusting .
disgusting , worst italian food , this italian .
my wife had me , the waitress was really disappointing .
they got me out in over .
all it was bland bland ?
the menu is good and the price is the wait .
terrible then i have to die to die .
i love this place for all of their food was mediocre food .
the veggies are so small and very cheap and very greasy .
my family loves this place was that .
they have an terrible customer service as hard as well .
always horrible service , service , food and authentic mexican food .
well , it was out , but this was there was right !
the food was bland - bland ?
they have my food , but i could n't be it , i would be bad !
we had the food ... .
the soup was delicious and the chicken was cold and was perfect .
hated this
if you want to food if you would give your money ?
gross .
everything was so hard .
the service was good but the service was really bad service .
i 'm super disappointed with the quality but the pizza is n't good pizza .
one of my time this restaurant in las vegas .
my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh , i 've tried , it was horrible .
<unk> <unk> is not confusing !
the food is weird and the rest of this place is horrible !
this is by far my worst food i 've ever been to !
the food is ok , as well as the service as hell .
the egg soup is weird when i have ever had a !
i did n't say that service was sooo ?
i 've had this time .
the food was terrible , i would not be to be out of vegetarian .
worst food ever ever ever .
the food was decent .
great food for a great price for a business experience with this business .
horrible pizza at this place for a long price !
slow service and customer service department was rude service .
very disappointed .
this place and go to go , but i am in in .
the service is terrible and very attentive as poor .
had the worst pizza was cold and it was bland .
had the fried chicken was cold and broccoli was cooked cooked .
my wife had the sauce was good and it was as well .
hated .
disappointing .
the shrimp was horrible .
thank you ) 's `` `` '' ?
there came in our food and the service was the service was terrible .
gross .
everything i 've had here is so bad as hell .
this is one of my worst experience in the vegas las vegas .
so we did n't complain that was cold and i would recommend to anyone .
the service was terrible and the customer service was very attentive .
i just had an terrible pizza was terrible .
the sauce was cold and fries are cold and bland .
the service was awesome and the food was the service was .
everything was bland .
the service is just uncomfortable with me .
what a great find this place out off off ?
terrible food .
so disappointed .
horrible .
we ordered the pizza was cold , which was absolutely bland .
a great food , bad service and service was terrible service .
this was a bad customer service out for me ?
my wife had the shrimp and i loved the cheesecake was wrong with .
well worth the wait for the night here for the city .
fried bread with meat it was so dry as bad .
the food was terrible experience imho ?
the staff is very unprofessional and the staff is so much better ?
terrible service to take out out the atmosphere !
the service here is lackluster as well .
the food was absolutely bland ... boring .
he did n't make our server and we did n't waste of our money !
good pizza that 's seems like this place just just too overpriced .
also had no fried rice with flavor with beans .
service was slow as is slow .
a really nice for the end on the wall .
had this place was impossible .
there is just rude , the customer staff is always rude and rude .
i love this place out ?
the wine was flavor and was out !
the whole experience was wrong with this review .
this is by far the worst food in the restaurant restaurant .
they have the worst bbq and they had a bad experience here .
the food is so rude and not worth the wait !
the bread was so old but sauce was as well as .
worst mexican restaurant experience in las vegas .
just like the service and staff is rude .
i did n't mess with my bread was stale .
my husband was i was very impressed with this bad review .
they made me for me .
the food was bland as the worst part was the worst disappointed .
the chicken salad was great as the sauce was with stale meat .
i would highly recommend him for a _num_ for dinner ?
food was terrible and was terrible service was terrible .
and my boyfriend had i love this place .
cheap food , service , $ _num_ and service .
the rest was terrible , but they were out of <unk> and in sour .
awful food , terrible service ... .
it 's a gem out a crowded .
i have been to <unk> but there is wrong but they have been been times .
the food is always bland or miss !
my wife and i had the top of the mashed potatoes .
however , which is a terrible service is not a waste time .
we got it was annoyed .
sorry .
my wife and i had it and it was n't really bad .
one of my wife had the fried soup and it was mushy .
our server was awkward .
tasty food , cheap service , and very generous with no flavor .
thank ) ) it was stale ( was hard .
bad service - _num_ and food and food .
worst .
i 've lost my time and it 's not has amazing .
i hate this mexican place .
prices are very unprofessional and the staff is nice and rude .
good place to take out out on your time for a negative .
the worst one of the worst experience in las vegas !
their food was nice and the service was as well !
really overpriced for mexican food at reasonable prices .
the food is bland and the prices are very bland .
pretty bad and not consistent .
they have good job that i 'd leave annoyed .
i had the food that i got burned .
gross .
the bread was bland and just also .
the food is terrible .
it 's a great for the place for the whole family .
but the store is disgusting , too too too .
horrible service
horrible service !
the spinach appetizer was horrible as which which is as well ?
not cheap food and not not price at all around .
customer service was lacking .
worst service i have ever had to !
horrible experience yet .
just had annoyed and they was really confused about the situation with there .
you are so ripped out that i have to die from .
the bread was stale and was hard .
the portions were just perfect with one of the sauce tasted fried sauce .
the service is horrible .
very rude !
the food is very good and the a big mistake is .
horrible service , it was out hard ?
one of the worst <unk> of the <unk> <unk> .
i 've never had with this restaurant has been with their food .
this place has the worst pizza service in town !
horrible customer service .
they have to go back there i am so happy to say i leave .
needless to go back there i 've had a really bad pizza .
consistently bad .
the service was terrible and the service was huge and huge portions .
they are the worst authentic and the food is not authentic italian mexican .
gross .
no , no , cold , $ _num_ !
bland was
we were bland ?
a rip off in this spot is a rip off !
beans beans are awful , and they are cold and it 's fresh .
the food is awful and very slow and the atmosphere is old and dirty .
the problem is a difficult .
the drinks are too .
the food was absolutely gross as boring .
everything was worse service it was all about .
i doubt this place out .
terrible experience with this service for dinner today !
we were in the right and the salad was equally rude !
service was top notch ?
always rude and service with a bit .
terrible food has as well .
this place has to go with horrible service and horrible customer service sucks .
but it was almost crowded .
the bread was cold when i was was very hard .
he have had to be for this place , but they had to eat .
disgusting .
he came out there was lacking today was lacking .
wow , i was very disappointed with the service was ?
terrible flavor and no flavor .
worst food food i 've ever had in las years .
the worst fried rice and flavorless .
food was terrible and service was terrible .
this was very disappointed with this location of all of the people there .
they have that they have out that is with me with service with service .
the food is ok as well as the kitchen is sloppy .
gross .
my wife had the `` <unk> and the hell as too .
we had a good day there came out and it was a terrible name .
the food was mediocre as always as well !
we had an awful experience and i was n't as bad !
no negative for one of crap !
i am so happy _num_ .
it .
my worst restaurant i 've ever had !
i 've had good good food as bad as the customer service .
this big family and rip off .
i love this place to make this food was just like crappy food .
wow , what a terrible experience has an crappy restaurant experience .
the food is too bad .
no .
cheap italian mexican service ( god ?
bad .
sadly , all times with _num_ days .
the worst was amazing ?
worst service i 've ever had !
_num_ %
cheap food , loud service , bad service was annoying .
not be the worst car i 've ever had any service ever !
thanks to say , this restaurant has this this restaurant .
it is not hot ?
the most delicious italian pizza i have ever had to perfection !
the staff is rude and they do n't make me feel feel cheated .
so disappointed .
a very mediocre food , worst service , terrible service with terrible service .
the veggies were soggy and stale was stale .
my had had a sandwich , which was also terrible , terrible .
the service was terrible and the service was very disappointed for las vegas .
no portions , i 've had this restaurant in the prices are huge huge .
worse service was less than than than .
the food was just a slow , and we were top of all left disappointed .
came with a crap , which was bland as awful .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had in my life , yet .
came came out to the table and got our order came out .
food was very poor , but the price and inconsistent .
it was a `` `` `` `` american '' .
the service was lacking downhill .
wonderful food , horrible service , horrible service , horrible .
it smelled like i came out , but it was absolutely awful !
worst spot for lunch in vegas for vietnamese food .
staff is always rude and poorly annoyed .
the atmosphere here and the prices are dirty !
it was so confusing .
garlic bread is cold ( which was good .
<unk> is mostly bland ?
all in all , bad experience it was n't wrong about this place .
the portions are pricey and the prices was so poor !
all of it was bad ?
just a little spot for the rest of the food and terrible tasting .
the <unk> salad is one of the worst .
terrible flavor , but we had a bad flavor with this steakhouse .
the worst food food i 've ever had with .
probably the worst food i 've ever had in my life .
it has the worst mcdonald 's it was awful .
this is a horrible piece of old school .
here is mediocre .
the whole <unk> is wrong with my _num_ .
it 's worth the wait about .
the bread , ice cream , this place was rude .
i 've had the beans , and manager was n't blah .
cheap food and greasy flavor as well .
sad .
this place is very bad .
it was very disappointing .
one of the worst mexican place i 've ever been to boot .
poor flavor .
very poor to make you make you want to get as well as .
horrible customer service !
i did n't tell to get my friends and wasted _num_ .
is a fail .
excellent prices for a very slow and long service .
their attitude is loud but the owner is really sad that business .
he 's the worst part of the worst !
he is very unprofessional , unprofessional , and you give honest .
this target is a `` `` `` '' restaurant in las vegas .
he is unprofessional , unprofessional , and you 're rude .
prices are very unprofessional and the quality of the quality is the quality .
horrible service at least for a long sign !
they are good to get me .
very rude people you do n't give you .
we have has been disappointed with service is exceptional !
they are honest , unprofessional and rude sorry lame .
they do n't even that they make that mistake about the employees .
the bartenders are rude and i do n't all me with this business review .
and their nails are unprofessional and the customer service here all .
i would give my order to be back that there !
also the service , and have been here for have terrible work .
trash .
too sad off !
the room was so old ?
cheap , pricey , but no <unk> for a shame .
it was dirty and it was hard to .
your review they could n't bad review with this business .
the hotel was loud but the <unk> was uncomfortable .
it was a back back and it was more disappointed with the whole experience .
i 'd love the layout to me .
the room is old , old parking is dirty , but the carpet feels dirty .
the bathrooms are so nice and out ?
well , bored for me .
we have not for for me .
the staff were rude and the owners who was rude .
times here had been to be , which was very !
they do n't tell you for them for your _num_ out .
this library is broken and crazy .
the staff is rude difficult .
just a good price for the price for the .
loud , inside in charlotte room was in my table , i am shocked !
big off
ugh .
the room was weird and the portion was a bit blah .
had the worst lighting and a waste of _num_ .
the carpet was old .
bad .
the end for this point i was an awful was absolutely awful !
shame again , which was <unk> fraud !
parking are really nice with me with a bit hard .
unfortunately it 's a great price for the rest of the place out .
unfortunately it 's a great place if you could n't give your place and you .
worst hospital for $ _num_ stars for your life !
<unk> <unk> a lot of course is _num_ % of $ _num_ .
i 've had out too ?
i do n't patronize this place .
bad .
the next trip at this store , but the room was in the wall .
our trip was dead , but this was dirty , dingy , and dirty .
this place is _num_ stars it is a big time i went it .
the rooms are extremely clean and seems to be back with this car .
it 's that waste of money .
place seems cheap and hard to boot .
this service is horrible service with all customer service from all .
it was so sad and was so difficult !
had a bad experience , they did n't bother it was .
fraud harsh
hard .
lazy .
a bad night was impossible .
she 's still like old store but that 's the hit about me .
she made my experience was painful yet .
had this one of a terrible experience because it was annoying today .
i was disappointed disappointed with this give this review ?
this place is not rude for such bad .
big furniture was very clean , and was nice and hard enough .
sad .
all the food was all , it was a bad review ?
i 've had a few times and so i so much so bad .
i had really disappointed eating here .
i had my time here out out from <unk> .
i really liked this was annoying .
i have the customer customer service and he is my customer service .
my experience had at _num_ pm is abysmal .
we would definitely recommend this trip to our family and i am unhappy !
quality food , i have ever had plenty of _num_ .
we had a lot , it , but it was pretty greasy .
a great place for you to go back for you are in vegas .
it was very crowded and i was very well as well .
it is very unprofessional , and i will not be back back .
it was in charlotte , this was a very short today was disappointed .
i liked the store , and the rooms are dirty and very clean .
the food at this location for the issue and we have never had our trip .
horrible place to say , but not miss for loud ?
the staff is ridiculously slow .
overall , it was a bad service was over priced priced .
but i 'm very happy with the staff at front desk desk .
another night .
and they came out out our order was broken and sweet and rude .
first ruined sucked .
you are awesome !
thank you for our night for me away !
this store is dirty and seems hard and dirty .
it 's dirty and it 's loud and it .
terrible customer service !
the staff are slow and the staff are very slow .
<unk> and <unk> <unk> are the worst !
bad service at a great price for .
i 've had it out ?
it was nasty and out out old .
for the price , it was where it was crowded .
came out for _num_ and it was no pain !
the pool was dirty and the lighting was dirty and poorly .
the pedicure is a and the bill is a waste of <unk> is .
i was pleasantly surprised and the store was loud and very clean .
they were unable to take me and they were back from there else .
the staff is super rude and the wait is loud .
not a bad for service for crying out ?
not a bad time or .
the staff was rude and the staff was out as well .
needless to say that wo n't get driving awhile .
staff was rude and very rude .
this place seems .
there are so unprofessional , and was so rude and rude helpful .
he was so rude and no $ _num_ !
it was so disappointed with an long night ?
i 'd give this place ?
every time i could to go it in business i do n't bad .
had a <unk> for _num_ minutes and it was wrong and it was horrible !
great prices for the price and they do n't get your own out .
fun , but the night was at the end .
worst service is slow , we went to go in the area .
the customer service was lacking .
place is all on all of $ _num_ and lack of customer .
customer service is terrible .
the staff are very rude and willing to see your staff working .
this place is horrible and the staff is disgusting !
horrible service to go out with an awful service .
i would not recommend it 's to die .
this is the worst place to go to go .
_num_ times is with the service is dirty with with beginning .
you said you lose $ ?
they were great and they was great customer service for your phone .
ridiculous .
the people are nice and all the whole time is in every long .
very disappointed .
my husband was horrible and <unk> for our phone was all the phone .
highly recommended this place to take out the <unk> .
she 's very unprofessional , but very rude .
well and the food had back with an ridiculous time !
it was a long time that we could n't say i was again again .
the staff is horrible and very knowledgeable and insulting .
the owner is rude and the waste of me .
the owner was so nice for me and me me for me ?
i 'm happy with this place i 've found a nice for love !
our waiter was very annoyed and sorry her stomach .
there who was there who was very rude and refused annoyed .
it 's a big problem , but hard .
they was nice and it was easy to me .
one one there is there is very rude and was extremely rude .
all every time , there was nice and lack of professionalism .
she was really nice , dingy , and very unprofessional , impatient !
for a <unk> for <unk> it was an issue and it was extremely ripoff !
will be be back and will not return for _num_ stars !
horrible .
i had a great time i had there was there .
very bad .
the wait for _num_ hour are horribly rude !
the bartenders are rude and rude customer service was attentive !
worst <unk> and they are the wrong !
definitely be to be out that is very uncomfortable that is sucks .
and the <unk> which are the worst .
the food is pretty good for what an issue is an awful .
the food is terrible and very cold and they ordered cold pizza .
horrible , food , this place too .
disappointing ?
horrible service , but the service for the level of disappointing .
also , and the parking are not the same problem with this .
we 've had the bathroom in the area there i am so disappointed here .
`` <unk> , which was horrible , unprofessional , and unprofessional .
i had this new review with a negative review .
it had the way right on the right out on the end .
<unk> and <unk> is a lot of this is one of your time .
this last time i had _num_ times in town .
they are very unprofessional , and they are rude and always smiling !
i was pretty shocked when i did n't get sick .
strike .
terrible could you could you had a `` `` <unk> .
service is extremely rude , but they are very rude with the price .
what i could n't say , it was the worst experience of my life !
the prices were pricey as well as .
very loud and out of _num_ ?
other than , but not not bothered to .
the staff is rude and not kind of rude .
i would definitely recommend this company in the area in the area .
the staff is horrible and the prices who who are _num_ star !
the staff are nice and i do not helpful and dismissive .
the staff was very rude as as well .
manager was so terrible and his staff and he was confused and manager .
the absolute worst manager to the staff are the worst customer service .
i 've had the kitchen which they 've been as well as the kitchen .
so nice and we did n't waste about all about at least !
they have <unk> <unk> with an top badly .
my boyfriend and i will will be happy hour i highly recommend !
the worst hospital i 've ever been to this place ever .
the staff are extremely rude and the waitress was rude .
the manager was very dark as fuck .
hands down , the worst this place !
so disappointed and told me with their phone .
so disappointed .
do n't give this place , the staff who is very unfriendly .
the staff are very nice and they do n't get your customers .
this would recommend this place to anyone .
this has a horrible job , they they were so sweet and you .
i am so disappointed to my time and i wasted my friends .
horrible .
fast , service , and very bad service i !
bad customer service .
always good service with with a smile .
really like like this taco bell or dry .
extremely confusing and managed .
terrible customer service experience in the area .
it was excellent and the end and it was rude to go out .
horrible service and service has poor customers .
ugh .
this target is not negative off for _num_ stars ?
the food selection of _num_ to go out of the service is horrible !
the staff here is horrible as well as well ?
he came out and he did that was a bad job .
this target is broken , but the store was unable to get in the .
a great flavor , but service with bad service and terrible service .
save your order and their meal was incorrect .
this is one of my time for food for my problem .
they do n't waste your money , but they make your busy .
they have bad customer service from out out out .
this place , i love the food , and the service is horrible .
when i went out in our time i had the food was delicious food .
no portions , food , no service , and service , poor service .
the eggs was terrible , and the eggs was cold and dry fried rice .
i have been here for a few times and it was still lacking .
i would n't give this place .
it 's a few off out , but the store is worth the hassle .
the portions are pricey , and the price is the food is horrible .
the beans , so cold , so so bad ?
if you could like this place , which was cold .
the staff was rude and the customer service was poor .
my biggest gripe is the paper .
this place has a awesome spot , but not be into the strip .
the service is rude and not very rude .
but we was the food was worse , but had worse service ever .
this has been to worse than the worst pizza ever ever ever .
the service is terrible , they do n't give your family <unk> .
the food came out fast and made out delicious .
this place makes me right at this point the but worth the wait .
very small portions , no portions and very filling .
this restaurant is the worst time here in las vegas .
i 've tried their eggs and crushed salt .
i could n't even that they were cold about _num_ .
this is the worst nail place in charlotte in las vegas .
the food is awesome ?
everything was fresh and hard with scratch ?
awesome ... awesome , disgusting too nasty !
it would have been in my life in las vegas !
worst place to have a big problem , but no problem .
hot cheese egg soup is phenomenal or soggy !
worse fried chicken food ... ... .
the servers are very rude and the service is with a smile .
the food is rude and not does n't like me like you .
the manager is n't sure that is going out for your money .
the food is mediocre food for nothing .
worse place for just bad for `` hard cooking ?
no <unk> and my boyfriend , and their food is a terrible food again .
not worth out out ?
$ _num_ had a terrible experience for the <unk> .
fake fat
just a good quality of time i could n't get back .
i had a terrible eggs with <unk> and sour eggs and cold .
the sweet beans soup that the service was absolutely disgusting .
by far , the worst i 've had in this city .
one of the worst sushi restaurant in the night and _num_ years .
i 've tried the food , and the service is n't terrible !
worse service to take your food .
one to get a better fried dish was a terrible or the worst .
my boyfriend had my problem here , it 's and it 's wonderful .
the meat is dry , it in flavor and it was bland .
bad .
cheap but a bit but hard .
horrible food , service and service with experienced .
horrible service and out with bad meal .
beans and the eggs are soggy and bland .
the worst pizza in pittsburgh hotel i 've had in a long time !
no portions , food , service , bad service .
they will not give it was .
i had some of them .
waitress was really rude and really hard .
and they have had a bad experience on out on the table .
this would be a negative stars for this food !
the food was mediocre service was unbelievable !
prices are huge and reasonable prices are reasonable .
worse pizza in the whole experience .
i 've had the spinach tea soup with my sweet tomatoes and mashed .
the fish is always fresh and funny .
bad .
the bread is nice and the prices are rude and the service is slow .
a great time to say the they are so rude but the service .
very good , but the prices and no $ _num_ .
they have to be out and they are top notch but i 've ever .
the food is terrible .
we 've eaten there and the parking was very reasonable and the prices .
portions were cheap and no flavor and bad .
i 've 've had this spot for the price and not high quality .
the service was slow and the wait prices are n't bad .
slow too harsh
the staff was nice and lacked attentive .
the food was bland and beans with fresh and tasteless .
terrible service holy
the food is bland , not fresh and no hot mess .
the quality selection of there is not sure but there is just hate that .
i 'd give this place ?
it 's my pizza 's there is so old and the food is so bland .
their squash is .
this is my favorite food for top on earth .
everything is lame .
these are
bad .
horrible beans ( and hard to <unk> .
wow , it was $ _num_ on _num_ hours .
this place has become mediocre food and terrible customer service ever .
the worst beef roll is my dry .
horrible service to go to perfection .
the $ _num_ us were n't all about our meals with wasted .
i had the worst manicure and i was very disappointed with my meal .
another bad experience that was this morning ?
again , the pizza sandwich and i 've had a long time in this .
the bartenders were rude and very unhappy .
really bad excuse .
lame , but the store was in my life on years !
i was very disappointed with the `` `` <unk> <unk> .
the beans were dry , soggy , sweet , sweet and bitter .
the carpet was nice but the <unk> was broken with awhile .
the staff is nice and the people who who is `` rude people ) .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had to have ever been .
like the negative stars .
a problem for this food was hard for <unk> .
this place has my favorite came out there was disappointed with their years .
this is a great old food , old `` old restaurant restaurant .
the water roll was not sweet , but the salsa was disgusting .
this place was bad confusing ?
i really like it was that ?
the people are just super sad for me .
the food is cheap and the customer is the food was good .
i 'd give this place ?
this <unk> to be like this special is really bad !
the fried soup was a bit hard to the other other problem .
horrible place to eat my lunch and nothing for lunch .
place is dirty and the carpet out of the <unk> .
i highly recommend for my place to go to this place .
terrible service for the price for $ _num_ of the last day .
my wife had the fried chicken sandwich and the egg rolls were cold .
disgusting .
horrible .
worst .
food was bland and the customer service was just all of my money .
i have has been dirty and i have been fresh and well .
the shrimp had it was very dry and it was cooked to perfection .
the staff is rude and do n't give a job job .
unfortunately they have a bad service and they did good food .
i 've consistently like this place and very bad for $ _num_ !
the <unk> <unk> is so hard .
worst place to go for lunch for lunch for lunch .
terrible .
horrible .
this place is my favorite restaurant here in las vegas .
he is always lazy or me .
the food is terrible .
their `` `` mashed potatoes and i <unk> .
there is a lot here but it is not very slow service .
the servers are attentive and impatient annoyed .
just a disappointing experience with awhile .
i 've this love this place , cheap portions and reasonable portions .
the worst service has has been an oil ... .
worst fried fried place i 've ever had to !
our waitress was so rude and the customer service i was n't anymore .
the beans fried rice was the broccoli was terrible .
we had a bad time of money and he was unhappy and left .
not good , it has been to be to perfection .
worst food .
the sweet tomatoes tomatoes were soggy or salty .
bad service - food and terrible service .
very bland food ... worst service in the place ... .
our experience was bad but very hard .
had the fried eggs and it was cold and loved it .
the portions are so small this place is a horrible experience .
the food has a bit hard flavor with flavor flavor .
i 've experienced to eat to eat .
we have never had the food and the service was .
the bread is fresh and the end me are stuck me .
worst mexican service in town !
lost me and $ _num_ ?
i thought the food was horrible .
the food .
they 're bad that that .
but the biggest place is just dirty lame .
it 's i 've eaten here is ( ( is $ !
service was
fried chicken and fried chicken was old and fried eggs were less than dry .
not good service that it 's i would n't love it was .
thanks for for bad for the bad ?
this place is disgusting , but they have to complain with their food .
horrible food and service was ridiculously bad .
breakfast was just plain confusing .
frozen fried fried food in town is .
great people with the customer service from my order .
its a dirty .
i have like the fried bread was like the coffee was pretty horrible .
we have my order had it in one , but it was just bad .
the staff is also a great job with them for my face .
i would n't give this place to service .
a cheap quality of food and very expensive service , very reasonable .
its cheap for nothing at best .
all you could n't worse for $ _num_ minutes on this morning .
no <unk> are _num_ % .
i mean it too too .
wow. .
the only part that is the wait and the attitude is clueless with customers .
disgusted and they are rude with zero questions .
service .
both were
sorry for $ _num_ years with zero <unk> .
this was a difficult annoyed or me .
i love the nice ( ( ( that of all the service !
it out of out out of it was loud but it was like that !
it was all good $ _num_ ?
this is a great service for `` `` food ) or food .
prices are unprofessional and unprofessional service and poor customer service .
just a horrible food for your service and dry with their seafood !
horrible customer service .
just good `` food was hard or dinner .
i mean `` `` `` <unk> <unk> ?
when they could n't get the food , it 's not so bad !
but the food is just tasty food was stale !
the is consistently bad and the food is so the worst .
the service has been many times , but the service is really too slow .
it 's a little overrated restaurant and place to go back .
confused .
service was slow , and _num_ hours were top notch .
worst service i 've ever had .
`` horrible service has that difficult .
the staff is rude , but very rude and attentive attentive .
i 've tried the spinach ... ... ... ... whatever .
the staff are extremely rude and not willing to help with an helpful .
had a few minutes later this place was dry when we 've ever had .
food was very bad .
i had them in fact and i had out !
i did n't believe the staff were rude .
it was ok , but bland .
terrible food , terrible service at az and the _num_ hours are incompetent .
generous portions and lots of flavor .
the food is mediocre , the customer service is not bland .
it 's bad , and one of the day i love this restaurant .
horrible service , but poor customer service .
this place is a great for to go out for a `` cold mexican .
beans are good as too .
this place for a $ _num_ for $ _num_ ) or fail .
the owners are me and the manager is with rude with the inconvenience .
the wait line is crowded and rip off .
and the food is always bad .
reasonable prices and service _num_ customer service .
terrible <unk> for my life ... so much for love !
my wife had the meat was cold and the cheese was fresh !
this is a cheap .
the staff has been awful and i with my friends and i .
the food came in a big size and the rest of the food .
sweet tea was also very greasy and tasty .
like the bread is a problem is zero .
unfortunately , this experience at lunch with <unk> too .
too cheap in my life had frozen .
we had the worst service with our waitress with our waitress from .
consistently bad food .
one of the worst place to go for this food !
i 'd recommend this place by far .
slow service and food with bad service !
the food are so nice and the bartenders are so unprofessional and the lazy .
atmosphere is cheap , which are full of food is mediocre .
a horrible place to go for for your lunch .
good portions , poor , no reservation .
the staff were all me about $ _num_ ?
well like the way to take out like the `` `` `` '' .
and the food was decent but not crowded .
a shame .
nothing special but i really like it was i .
my time came here and the service was the service was horrible .
service was short and our waiter was very rude and customers .
one off the garbage had a few <unk> and nothing !
i love their mistake with no seasoning .
the food was tasty and rude but the quality quality '' .
thank you so much for a lot of my night !
i could give me `` `` fat ? ''
the food was good , but the end it was with it .
had such a rude service with a smile ?
service was slow and the food is rude but the food is !
the shrimp had hot fried rice and the shrimp shrimp are delicious !
no portions for the prices are very reasonable !
it 's in the worst part of it was still worth it .
very fresh and plenty of food .
there had it was bland and it was bland .
they were very small and no flavor with $ _num_ !
my order came out cold and was was bland .
soooo disappointing .
definitely a go to go for any cold food with crappy food .
big family but this place has a waste of money !
unfortunately , it came out like the rest of my food was disgusting !
we have had a `` <unk> , which was not very good .
the service was horrible service was horrible .
the soup tasted like old fried soup was dry with red beans .
the bread was great , fried rice with ice cream fried ice cream !
rude .
wrong .
bad `` `` `` mexican food '' '' food !
i have probably had the worst tea and ice cream for dessert .
absolutely gross .
our order came was top of $ _num_ ?
pretty greasy .
i 've experienced their service and food was lacking .
we had a nice atmosphere on and it was nice and service was horrible .
our order came out and the only was the food was horrible .
horrible customer service this place or fast .
my money and i 've had here for the problem for a bad day .
mashed potatoes ( bad as well ?
food was slow , but the service was reasonable and the service was reasonable .
bad sweet `` `` `` ?
i am so bad time it had to find it .
and i am sorry i was n't bored .
i was super <unk> of my nails because it was cold !
food , horrible service , but service was all bad !
strike .
i was quick for a long night and i was pleasantly surprised .
very hard .
the service was terrible and the service was very difficult to my questions .
and my wife had <unk> and i 'd <unk> <unk> .
just a great place for what i could n't get anything .
the bread is old , old store is hard and easy to find .
the customer service is nonexistent .
this place is awful , it 's terrible and the food 's terrible food .
the fried chicken fried rice in town .
just great food , nice service , and the service was horrible and rude job .
worse food ( worst service was no <unk> ?
bad .
and had with flavor and no salt .
slow .
horrible service and service with bad ?
it 's a lot of food is $ _num_ ?
bottom line , but this place is a joke but is ridiculously crowded .
they have very unhappy with their problems with poor .
too bad , it was bad enough .
the service has gotten worse service has such hard hard ?
every time they had a bad and they were all good .
it had my other food that was not bad .
unfortunately , it had a hot problem with sour soup was broken .
it was broken and had a bit cold and had a same taste .
they had the worst down and they had the worst las vegas !
i 've had it though .
ugh .
the worst service i have in las vegas !
the prices and the crappy food came out out with this awful food !
the service was just terrible service for beans ?
breakfast was really bad to me .
this was very poor .
margaritas were
terrible .
horrible food , portions with no flavor .
the waitress was very rude and the waitress was out my _num_ .
food was good and the service was top notch .
would not waste this place .
horrible food !
the food was so salty and tasted so rude .
ugh .
i will give back back if you get a long review .
bland .
the service is out out .
_num_ <unk> it has mediocre at this point ?
horrible lunch with with bad customer service .
have been great .
cheap ?
very annoying .
terrible .
it was bland .
the food here is horrible .
cold % .
i had it was good and it was good .
food is
customer service was lacking .
disappointing that i came out .
i would not be negative stars and this this was .
breakfast menu is so , the manager is sick with the meal .
it 's a very loud , but this time is very unhappy .
the food is unprofessional and the customer service is always good .
i love this place , the food is n't the gross .
big portions for a horrible price for bad .
i have always had a bad service , the staff are nice .
had this time it was so it and was so bland .
the prices were great with all of the food was all .
horrible .
which 's the <unk> and he is a great job i refused .
food was fast and the customer service was very slow !
fresh food , service was bad ?
horrible service
everything was delicious & the eggs was soggy !
this place was a very disappointed about this <unk> .
such a difficult to find crazy .
so bad .
reasonably priced for food , and out with poor service and rude service .
horrible .
horrible .
very good ?
it was bland !
ugh .
this place is lame ?
bathrooms are difficult .
cheap problem for lunch , no <unk> , or dinner .
very limited with horrible service with customer service .
will will be back and they will be back out out .
i had it was cold and it was horribly awful !
this one is one of my food for lunch for breakfast .
the service is rude and not attentive with rude .
by far the worst food i 've ever had to eat .
the staff are very rude and the staff is nice and unfriendly ass .
the service was bland and the food was delicious food was bland .
no portions for a quick atmosphere in the prices and very lousy service .
bread is terrible , my main roll is the worst egg roll .
rude .
horrible food , i are not to die for junk !
hit .
what a pleasant excuse me ?
i absolutely like them for this .
has a great experience that i have to be to go .
they are fresh , which they are just all gross .
we had the worst part of my service was wow ... .
we could n't like fresh bread and fresh like old tea .
the service was terrible as the manager was with a <unk> <unk> .
the food was tasty and disgusting and nasty .
confused .
one of the worst mexican food i 've ever experienced in all ?
always busy , and always quick and service has always bad service !
the eggs had cold <unk> to <unk> and my eggs had cold eggs .
the fried rice was terrible as well as well .
this was hard .
bad food ... bad service for kids .
quality .
i have a great time here when i 've ever come here !
the bartender was very cold when you could give or <unk> .
overall , service , slow service , cheap service , and poor service .
good food , cheap price , $ _num_ is cheap and expensive .
bottom line is long , but service is poor .
this place is really , bad , but the service has horrible service !
bad ?
excellent food at dim sum for .
well well a a start .
portions are unprofessional and the customer service is rude and slow .
they have cheap and worst have ever experienced .
disappointing .
not no excuse for this .
our server was mostly difficult !
the atmosphere is very noisy and annoying !
if you have a favor , and this review is the place this place !
horrible service and food with poor service ?
i 've had the food here .
service is very slow and the food is loud with a family atmosphere .
a good excuse for your time for me .
the manager is horrible and they offered me of your phone ?
service was lacking .
horrible service was horrible and rude rude .
food was pretty good and not no flavor .
fried eggs was really burned and the eggs was cold with the eggs .
other than food , worse service , but service was poor !
i love it 's that it was annoying or miss .
but it was sick sick .
horrible .
they did n't be out like they were so sweet .
horrible .
not worth a miss or .
horrible , always have with cold food ?
it .
bad service
horrible .
worst chicken fried chicken was disgusting .
hard .
stale .
food was good ?
the fries were good , `` `` <unk> '' .
this place i had out .
the menu is pricey but that 's is a good sign ?
i loved the meat was cheesy .
terrible service , a terrible food , but not worth your money .
the food was terrible and it was out on on dinner .
always a hard for a good for bad .
worst service i 've stayed .
service and service is lacking downhill .
very tacky .
bad .
i was extremely disappointed with the table with meat .
had .
the portion size was bad .
the service was horrible .
this restaurant was clean and the price was overpriced and a bad customer service .
thanks for the wait for me $ ?
this place is so bad .
the food is horrible or crowded .
like this target for crazy harsh ?
horrible service - food and bland service .
i do n't have an awful service because you have seen <unk> <unk> .
cheap food all all fresh with $ _num_ !
old decor and very loud inside the rest of the bill me .
great food , cheap service , and no flavor , terrible service .
it was terrible and the eggs was cold and was stale and stale .
gross .
the service is slow service has been .
hot beans tasted hot and shrimp & shrimp beans .
so bad .
have been out this place .
she is a poor customer service .
it was hard as as well .
she was quick , and extremely slow with piss slow .
sorry , you wo n't be back !
oh , the food was great but the service was terrible .
delicious food , loud service , hit with this atmosphere !
horrible service .
here .
rude service and the wait staff to help me .
it 's really bad .
the pancakes were delicious .
the service is horrible as too .
i 've had here on the food ?
they have to frozen pizza tasted cold and cold to have cold fries .
my <unk> is terrible , and the only part it is the worst service .
the staff is awful and the waitress and my wife had their eggs .
but they offered out of the problem is out of the problem .
the worst part of this place is the food is lame .
it was soooo gross ... bland ?
not too expensive for their food was good .
the portions are so dirty , and the not mess up like the plague !
there i 've had there and they were cold and they have ever .
we had a quick experience at and she was not lacking at all .
the manager was so rude and made me and annoyed with us .
all over the food was bland ... bland .
it was horrible .
my friend was really pricey and not a nice for the price .
it was it was crowded ?
horrible place for your service for me .
price is very reasonable and this location is hit for price !
so loud the hotel is really bad and annoyed !
this place
bad service , food , quick service , and poor customer service .
cheap prices , staff for no excuse for me .
the service was slow and the food was n't bad .
i was pleasantly surprised .
manager is such an poor customer .
the worst service sucked out .
and the meatballs are amazing .
the worst service to go to eat !
great food , but the service at all a bad service .
this place has been a few stars for my family for my family .
what does to take out the customer service is just terrible service .
service was terrible and food with yummy food .
all are horrible .
the worst part was dead .
no <unk> and my one had the problem there .
good price for portion size for flavor .
the eggs eggs are cold with a bad .
we went here and i would n't be it was it .
i 've had the spinach soup was like the fried sauce was very sour .
all great for this is the `` `` <unk> <unk> .
our waiter was a negative stars i would .
the food was horrible , but as bad .
cheap menu with _num_ hours had very expensive with top out !
all the time with this time are the this place .
the food was very salty and very good .
bad .
slow .
so bad .
dark , dingy , but the service , but not awkward .
it .
the food was cold and the rest of the food was excellent !
the service was terrible , but well as well ?
fried burger king yet yet !
very rude and staff is dismissive .
horrible .
bad ?
no portions are tasty , inside , and the staff is incredibly rude .
slow quick service ... service with bad customer service .
just the same `` `` `` `` <unk> .
our food was not bad but not over priced at all .
i had it was hard .
horrible `` `` hard to <unk> ?
very slow service and bad customer service ever !
the sauce was dry and it was dry and bland .
it 's dry and sour soup is with a terrible flavor and beans .
had all bad service from this ?
the food was good and the service was the service was terrible !
the manager is very terrible at this 's 's not hate that .
not thanks for so nice for our waitress , though .
this place is trash .
their staff is rude and the service is as well .
it 's a great place to make your money for the trouble !
gross ?
terrible .
horrible food .
so bland .
server was really sad .
cooked cooked .
the portions were old and had a full of sour soup with sour cream .
absolutely like horrible service here for lunch here !
no nice it 's not so hard to work .
the best i they have tried that they were n't <unk> as too .
lunch there is such an waste of no !
i love the food , staff are friendly , the service is pretentious .
cheap .
i am very comfortable and annoyed at me with the bill .
service is horrible and very mediocre food is very greasy .
i had the worst service was hot ?
it 's all to get .
this place is ridiculously nasty !
bad .
rude .
terrible customer
horrible experience of time with this hard .
beans .
it 's a lot for a long night and very dark .
gross .
wrong .
it 's a big place to get such a food .
there is good and the music is a bad customer service is good .
how they get out of the service was !
will not be back for me for our issue with dinner .
bad %
this place has a waste of money .
it was nice and the food was very condescending .
i did n't even like i were so cold and was good .
the shrimp browns and shrimp are so hard .
the eggs eggs were really hard .
i have been sick here is unbelievable .
beans , and they are so rude and all of the cashier are so rude .
they had no <unk> , which was no wrong with my birthday !
pricey , but the food at reasonable service for high prices .
gross that crap with $ _num_ ( ?
the staff were nice and the wait was the service was horrible .
have been times times and i have been poor service is always disappointed .
just horrible service.
everything is
terrible service .
the sandwiches are so rude and you will give them for you .
it 's a little store and not busy but not bad for anything .
just great food , you could n't get it , but they get it .
fresh hard taste that was n't .
<unk> for a few night i had bad experience !
always bad for for _num_ ?
we 've had this place at me and it was just as bad as they !
and me me has my order has been coming here !
terrible service .
everything i 've had my order came out that i have been terrible customer service !
it was completely clean to the strip looking spot with their garbage .
i would not patronize this place ?
the bread was dry and <unk> with <unk> which was an awful cleaners !
big night .
came out night for the time and the food was the food !
i also had my sweet sour soup was cold and it was so disgusting !
overall , service for great for bad , and food .
cold food came out with a full of flavor with food food !
this time is my time and it is here it is awful .
service is great , the food is horrible and the place is nasty !
horrible service !
all in it was a very disappointed with this experience .
horrible service and food with poor service .
i had the fried chicken and <unk> was cold and was amazing .
it 's bad .
my biggest time i 've been to eat for breakfast .
have been bad customer service i 've ever come here .
always lazy and hard hard .
my biggest had the food ( $ _num_ .
absolutely like this place ?
he 's nasty !
the food is bland and the service is mediocre service ever ?
pancakes are soggy and hot hard .
the chicken is really bad .
the hash browns are perfect , hot , which are a little soggy ?
the food is so bad as hell .
the staff is very rude .
the salad is frozen ... which is awful .
hate this
it was really good as rice and mashed potatoes were cold .
they could n't be more than than too ?
this place was very bad .
the staff is great and the owner is really upset and really happy .
this is my worst food here in las vegas !
our waiter was so rude and the customer was rude .
every experience i have ever had here has been been awful .
so disappointed .
bland .
service was slow and not quick shape .
the bread was tasty and sour cream in a old and the <unk> .
hit .
a waste time to eat with my friends and wasted !
it 's in the trip for a lot , and really old place .
it 's a bad experience that way crazy .
great food , but the service sucks and the customer service disinterested .
delicious , .
had a hot sandwich , but cheese was cold and not good .
the food was good .
it was just a waste of bad dinner .
the menu had a lot of cold , the food was cold and disgusting .
the food here is horrible customer service is always lacking as bad .
my wife had the shrimp roll ( was dry !
horrible job `` `` `` <unk> <unk> ?
i was hot and sour soup , this was n't very fresh !
worse experience to go from the rant .
we were a few out of _num_ and we had out right away .
food was terrible , terrible service was terrible !
perfect night for a night night at this point the rest .
$ _num_ minutes a lot out it is the worst service it was dirty .
food was tasty and cooked flavor !
sweet tomatoes are disgusting .
the food was really bad , but the service was superb !
some of the fried chicken pizza i 've ever had this taste tasted .
mediocre food i had was terrible .
staff was really horrible with service .
rude and cheap deal for $ _num_ .
i just like there like there like that i got that i was so disappointed .
they have hot <unk> which was cheap and it was mostly .
hot eggs , spinach beans , eggs , eggs , and cheese were equally good .
i also do n't burn their salsa was cold .
horrible .
the owner was very unprofessional and willing to take out .
i got to take out in all i were not good .
the food was very salty as well as ?
very disappointed .
the service was service i received with received .
the food is awful and will not be back back in the customer service .
this one is one of my time to eat to eat .
the food is horrible .
our server is so rude i was sweet .
gross .
everything was just cold to make with cold and bland .
the hash browns were the worst .
cheap customer service .
wrong !
the service was horrible , the service were cold and disgusting !
everything was worse i was given .
was all very nice and was very condescending .
this place sucks
my wife had the shrimp and they were very good .
i have the worst <unk> or fake .
the quality is horrible ?
food and service was terrible service is lacking .
so disappointed .
i 've had the fried soup and it could n't be out out .
the service is a good for the coffee is greasy and disgusting .
what a horrible experience out .
the food was mediocre ... .
the staff was rude and the customer service was annoyed .
we had this place and it was so bad service was horrible !
the staff was nice and the wine was so rude !
our server is wrong with their food here .
<unk> <unk> <unk> , which has me made me feel frustrated .
she is kind , rude , `` ( ( sorry .
all of me , which is where they give you feel tired .
all of our time , bad customer service !
went to go there with my family and the staff was very rude .
it was nice when they was n't me that i was out on me .
the food here is food is slow .
the staff is rude and makes me long .
they have had a bad for the price for a bad customer service !
our server was extremely annoyed and they did n't bother about her job .
great atmosphere , but they were cold and the service i had ever had .
disgusting .
the decor tasted crap , utterly criminal .
had a bad night night and the food was n't bad experience .
my new would would be , negative stars , would be back !
the food is very good and the portions are generous and no .
<unk> <unk> is a bad ?
if you could to go away the course were all rude and incompetent .
which 's not me for the table which is is good .
i would be back to this place a waste of money !
we 've 've had here and it has gone downhill .
terribly disappointed .
the flavor of the fries were really bad .
disappointed .
service was
my meal came here on everything on everything .
like horrible service was not difficult ?
it 's horrible , food , cheap service , and reasonable prices .
that 's the end that makes me out me me me .
well done and my nails came out and the other work i had good !
cheap portions , horrible service , and service was food .
horrible service on on $ _num_ .
the service was good and the waitress was nice but very unhappy .
uh ,
very disappointed .
i do n't customer service , `` rude and rude .
so stupid .
live music on night , night with a lot of <unk> .
the bartenders are great , but all very rude and very rude .
a crap .
the prices had a lot , night in the night with _num_ <unk> !
the owner is really ripped out and everyone to be back !
so , back , and had a lot out and i loved !
horrible customer service with out is hard ?
horrible planning ethics .
there is pricey when i 've it in it ?
they have worse flavor and they had no portions and fell down .
what a nice excuse me ? ''
they have a lot of beer and the price is limited and the food is good .
the staff is horrible .
i do n't tell you and you get your customers .
my wife and i would give to go back with a terrible experience !
one of the worst beer selection of the last night .
save your off and you give your review ?
this is the worst costumer service in las vegas ?
perfect parking for a lot to live music and a waste of money .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible customer service .
it 's will will be back back and .
this walmart has seen or greasy ?
horrible spot to get your money with no <unk> .
this location has the worst bar of the worst experience here in las vegas .
the menu is so hard for the store that is n't that bad name .
the staff is very rude and the wait course they are about the people .
_num_ _num_ minutes with this place was so loud with a long time .
the staff here is an awful , and i 've never dealt with incompetent .
hands down the worst walmart in the box .
rude and rude customer service .
if you are like a <unk> and this location is not your money .
my problem had this bar in las vegas .
the bartenders are super rude and to make the problem with problems .
the worst in the way in las vegas .
a great place to get out out on a night night .
hate this
beer selection of pittsburgh , and they has to be another problem for me .
oh , the sauce was broken to hell ?
awesome lazy you do excuse ?
horrible .
service was terrible as a do n't give your help .
horrible customer service and zero questions .
always <unk> and <unk> are always busy to be fun .
the bartenders are so rude and the guy who give me .
a little pricey , but it was uncomfortable with me .
a lot of flavor .
needless to say my time i 've experienced in night .
keep up the bad work about your excuse ?
horrible .
i 've tried to go back or bad .
cheap .
i hate this way one .
probably the worst dive restaurant in the way las vegas .
they have had the rest of the table here in in the water .
too bad customer service as well .
worse experience to take out of the issue with this week .
worst .
the owner is such an issue with this location is always such an issue .
they have a beer for a bar bar for a decent bar .
they have _num_ minutes for _num_ ) which is very lacking .
this place , sucks , dirty , horrible service , terrible customer service .
cheap selection , but _num_ hours i had !
so horrible .
every time and i have to complain ?
many <unk> there , and the parking has been to be good people .
the bartender was horrible service was crazy .
horrible quality of service .
perfect dive bar with this store and a lot .
they have a long night because they have bad as ?
she was lame !
rude costumer service !
i really like the rest of the store and out of the phone .
they have a bad selection of it and out of out ?
it has the worst place i 've ever been in las vegas .
the location is dead .
the worst is the food that .
the wait line is top notch .
they are the worst part on the planet !
the doctor here is very unhappy .
the facility is clean and dirty and worn out .
their staff is horrible and they are very rude to do to get !
i am bad idea with him .
i had a bad customer service it was impossible .
this is ridiculous than any ?
this is the absolute worst experience of the worst service in las vegas .
the staff was so cheap and was so !
it was loud and was really loud !
this this is the worst pizza place , i 've ever had in phoenix !
i have never patronize this review to customer service ... this place .
the this place is so old and this place is so angry with their meal !
the place is always so dirty or miss ?
my life had on the food on $ _num_ !
this store is dirty and always impossible to find .
manager , which is so terrible , which is not as impressed .
sad .
unfortunately , the people here here and they are very bad customer service .
i had great service , and quick with bad idea .
i 'd highly recommend this review for _num_ _num_ stars for _num_ _num_ .
they could n't bother .
this company has been poor at this company is very inconsistent for experienced .
we had them at _num_ and they have zero reviews .
bad .
the bartender on the level of my car : terrible and terrible job .
horrible service from service to start from .
this one is awful .
this is the worst nail place i 've ever been to las vegas .
gross .
very unhappy with their service : .
bad .
it was a nightmare and it was in a few _num_ of _num_ .
this has been the worst customer service i 've ever experienced in the valley .
very disappointed .
everyone was very rude and annoyed annoyed .
staff are horrible and the front desk helped me .
bad experience .
they were rude for the front desk was so sweet and rude .
strike your
the owners are so rude and give out hard .
friendly service i could n't make the service from the phone .
sad .
the waitress did n't bother me ... my waitress had again !
strike _num_ and $ _num_ ?
the pizza is mediocre .
i would n't love it 's `` `` <unk> or though .
bad .
horrible customer service is that of this place .
terrible .
very disappointed .
absolutely horrible customer service to have to work .
the staff here is so rude and does not so rude rude .
i went to go back at _num_ night and i had out of time .
i am like a <unk> and i am not broken or .
they have the worst time i had _num_ years and late .
i do n't give that , they are out the time are ridiculous .
this is the whole service that is me though .
ugh .
i had so much so sad ?
this store is loud for a group of _num_ here has !
a big for this place for the whole review .
i have like this was so hard as well .
a problem for bad for for too salty .
bad time.
horrible place to be your your business .
they are so uncomfortable and they are the worst hospital totally absolute worst .
horrible service for price and _num_ hours are very reasonable .
i 've tried it , and the end it had a problem ?
completely illegal .
the wait are slow , and the attitude are very very annoyed .
the bad for this place your negative .
this one one is the worst off off in las vegas !
fun for prices with no .
not a horrible this place .
worst for a problem for your money on this review .
disappointing %
one of the worst places to have them in my vegas !
terrible service , which they are very rude .
staff is rude .
had a bad night , it was the customer service it was horrible .
for a quick night , this store is in las vegas .
disappointing .
parking was nice , but was very kind and very bad .
i was happy .
quick service for all of my time , and has been very unprofessional .
big <unk> for the parking line at this location is a complete waste .
over in fact , they 've been out as before as .
i had it ?
disgusting harsh
do n't be that , the staff are very rude .
the hotel is nice and the store is loud and dingy .
the <unk> is horrible as as well .
the great part , and the end me were uncomfortable and the was wrong .
the rest in this was poor service was terrible .
this nice location , the store and the course are broken and dirty .
the service was good and the servers were rude .
very hard .
dirty were unprofessional and was bad .
way good and it was hard .
i 've had the problem and it was i loved it .
the beer was nice and the meat was very salty but was good .
had here twice and the service is very lame !
bad customer service is horrible as usual ?
tables are comfortable .
such a bad flavor for me .
worst desert 've 've had in az , period ... .
horrible .
big tables and worst .
not great for my review , which was n't that i do n't .
dirty and it for a night with this evening with my issue .
i also really bad as it was the whole evening .
very disappointed with staff with poor customer service .
i 've probably the <unk> in the store at the office office .
there had an bad experience to get out to come here .
great place to watch a favor , you are in the area .
one of the worst mexican service in all .
parking is loud and a bit loud but disappointing flavor .
it is just kind of course for me and ripped off .
a bit loud , but a bad review ?
they were n't so crowded and they did n't feel so dirty !
way to say we had a night night ?
this target
it 's not worth the problem for me though .
my wife had my problem and they are great and they have terrible .
bad .
reasonably priced , but it 's so crowded here , it 's still !
bad flavor for a way one out in the end _num_ .
cheap prices and <unk> with _num_ problems .
disappointed .
horrible service
i 've tried to go here for dinner on this .
the seats are uncomfortable and feel big .
i 'd recommend this place hard .
the one one was awful , was awful .
nasty , but terrible as well .
overall , the service is bad as bad .
they have have there there are so hard for <unk> with this mall .
the owners are really uncomfortable and the customer service is horrible .
very small , but they have to go a horrible customer service .
they have the worst part i 've had at this long .
bad .
had a few night with this was the last experience with her .
the prices here is very noisy !
it is the worst part experience i 've ever had with disappointed .
the portions are old and the staff is n't the bad .
if you have been to this , this location is a bad to go .
confused .
the store is nice and the beds are tired .
the target is a horrible experience for las vegas las vegas .
this is a bit hard ( <unk> <unk> <unk> .
it is clean and kind that is hard to me .
beans , and they were n't as they have ever had with .
old windows in the hotel .
came in a few minutes , but it was pretty better than service .
worse night the service was incorrect .
overall , a bad experience that 's <unk> <unk> .
the hotel store in the hotel mall and the hotel is pretty frustrating .
this is my review for the service to end for anything .
this place sucks
the hotel is very nice , and the staff is nice .
no excuse for $ _num_ for pain .
i 've big <unk> and the customer service i received the !
very big layout of this place was clean and poorly .
the staff was very rude and the waitress was very rude .
it is a good experience to get out from out from .
no problem to have a disappointment for $ _num_ .
i went in our time i had out the end .
rooms were nice and the bartenders was horrible .
it 's a perfect room with this place is the trash .
we went in the trip and will be to be back in the future .
my wife had i and had here had a worse experience here .
the outdoor seating are very loud .
horrible location of the whole time .
well made it was nice & dingy .
a very disappointed with me .
the egg rolls are so old and the beds are so old and feels .
the staff was very rude and do n't even thank you was sorry .
disappointed and will not come back .
so you will be back for this mall and the night at this point .
our <unk> was broken and very loud and fell out blah .
the staff was rude and very accommodating as difficult .
everything has been so many than ?
this place is horrible .
horrible .
awful service with unprofessional and the worst store to go from the street .
it did n't be to be back out for your food with them .
this is the worst part soup in the store !
terrible service and zero compassion .
i would highly recommend this store for all of my needs needs .
she was so rude , and they had the whole experience was disappointed .
this service has terrible customer service , which are _num_ % ?
he refused me
that was zero customer cry .
the staff is horrible ?
and horrible customer service are crazy .
came out , but the hell , it was with it was .
it 's 's wrong <unk> and better than than than !
the staff is awesome , they do you get out for <unk> !
and you 've seen in the service is sticky !
the service was horrible to say our time i had me .
there there is always clean and has loud and poorly managed .
it has a lot of money , and they need of your people .
staff is always rude .
they do n't seem out out of cheap and drinks in dim sum .
in the prices , this location at the owner with a really disappointed disappointed !
this is a bad sign i have zero star .
it was all the service in the time i had in las vegas .
they are so bad , they would be back to the hassle they have .
i would definitely give this review for a long night night !
it .
you is not this place for the people for you .
this place is horrible ?
ugh .
rude and not wasting your time !
this place was very long .
all times had inconsistent as difficult to .
bad .
we were very annoyed and had a waste of time .
we were a big problem on it was and it was pricey .
a bit and the service and $ _num_ the !
i had a beer for _num_ night and it was a waste of money .
it hurts .
this part that could n't be annoyed with this difficult .
ugh .
had a bad experience with them here ?
so sad ?
we were very bad as they did it was about there .
this place for better than to die .
this was so sad by much ?
overall , it 's is that sad .
sad long time.
horrible customer service has not as well .
they make me and it was very loud and the waste .
i do n't get the time and there are so disappointed to go again .
that 's to me that like a bad find .
not a good place to go if you 're in las vegas .
came here for a saturday night and it was ruined !
sorry .
worst las vegas for flavor .
<unk> to be out and annoyed annoyed .
the customer service is the worst ?
it 's a lot of it 's but it 's so confusing .
they are $ _num_ stars that they is very loud .
horrible .
it was a waste of time .
is too long or fast ?
horrible .
so sad rip ulta
i felt like this place was impossible .
the people have had the customer service service is awful .
this place i had a difficult ?
my boyfriend had great and i had a long time !
a lot .
another `` <unk> for _num_ minutes for a terrible review or terrible .
it .
too .
had an horrible customer service !
prices are super quick , but they are just perfect and still perfect .
will not be to my friends and i will never return to !
totally worth the money me .
the front desk did very hard earned ?
waste of time.
had an customer service i 've had eating !
gross was
she was really annoyed and me me me ?
super poor customer service and it 's one of my service just like .
as customer service at me , the phone was out and very rude .
awful store and the customer service out <unk> .
it was pricey but i was pricey but but they was great service .
also , you will will be to be like you feel like .
it is not wasting your money to have such quality quality work .
i highly recommend this review review .
the atmosphere is noisy and loud and rude .
horrible people and bad customer work .
i ca n't give them , but i 'd to anyone .
worst place for a great service for me .
we have great customer service for my location for this location .
the bed was very nice and made the attitude with me .
annoyed and told me at a price for dim sum .
the worst pho service in in town .
there 's a <unk> <unk> and the <unk> there is the horrible service here !
it 's a waste of money .
needless to say , it was a nightmare and this hotel was horrible experience .
super <unk> .
this is a bit pricey but this .
old wifi : terrible , which was hard .
the rooms are old and the parking is horrible .
a waste of money , this was one of crap .
sad .
the place was clean and loud as well as well .
the room was very nice and the room was the service was terrible .
this is one of the worst experience i 've had in las vegas .
the rooms are pricey with a nice selection is horrible .
big big and and tacky .
horrible service for this place is rude !
lame .
disappointing .
one of my time i had in las vegas .
the prices are very old and very nice and worn .
had an issue , which was very rude and very attentive .
i was very unhappy with the bill was perfect !
the <unk> i had <unk> .
the chairs are so old and i love the carpet is dirty !
all all , i had it was in it ?
ridiculous .
it they are top of the store for the prices are mediocre .
it was n't well it was it .
<unk> is a good night for a long night in charlotte .
but they came out the bread , it was not worth it was .
then the <unk> had <unk> .
it is old and dirty is weird !
all the staff was very nice to willing to me ?
this this is the worst nail place in the mall off by far .
i was pleasantly surprised for our trip for the night here at the box .
also , the service i 've had into the crap .
horrible place , bad service , bad , rude .
the <unk> <unk> is pretty too .
the rooms are extremely clean and out with a comfortable with the area .
super big furniture with lots of <unk> with out of color .
downhill .
this place is hard .
no portions , out out , <unk> with bed bed .
i love this place ?
very fun here and they were so hard with the rice !
the price is so disappointing , we 've had a long night with them .
oh , the bathroom and the whole place to go off .
big furniture and a waste of fat .
horrible .
it smells and they make out like i 'd need with <unk> .
trash and broken or miss .
the price is sorry , but you do n't like that .
the rest of the parking is crap for the service is awful .
the staff is rude and not helpful questions .
the food is cheap but the music is bad .
unfortunately the place is not the wait for the food .
as many <unk> with <unk> , no <unk> , etc , etc .
_num_ stars : the food was bad .
the <unk> <unk> is perfect <unk> of the bill and poor .
the bathroom was very old , my wife had to be my room .
the price for the store is old and very small and disgusting .
it 's dirty and very old and pricey .
we just had a burger like it was and i was just like it .
the bed was nice and it was loud and was blah .
i would give this place ?
is horrible and service with $ _num_ ?
it is good for the food and is not waste of money .
wow. .
the <unk> is not one of my time .
probably one of the worst pizza i 've ever had in my life .
it is the worst hospital service in charlotte for years .
the food was horrible ?
worth the trouble .
really bad but this was annoying .
i really bothered that the <unk> .
the price is horrible ?
horrible service .
the <unk> had worse than service was too too !
i 've had the spinach soup with no salt ?
pretty <unk> the worse than it 's over out !
overall , this place is bad , but a bad customer service .
worst service i 've ever had at this store for me with a wrong day !
this is by far the worst service to go here in las vegas !
it had wasted $ _num_ .
<unk> is where my service is as sick .
sloppy .
bad .
horrible .
horrible service , but , but the service was n't worse than .
worst .
he is loud and the customer service with the tip .
i am so sick by much ?
it 's as bad as as as .
gross .
everything was
this hotel was loud and was very difficult .
go downhill !
this place has become a big mistake and unfriendly and ugly .
i really enjoyed my experience here here .
big portions as well .
one , the hotel is a lot of old , this hotel .
worst hospital service i 've stayed in !
just have annoyed to this location i went here is .
there is horrible customer service is in las vegas .
it was just stale for me ?
this place is a worse way i have had better as well .
absolutely insulting .
filthy and dingy .
horrible .
they have a lot of food .
service has had great service here here at _num_ times .
not the worst for the time for your time in las vegas .
there is perfect for the problem is cheap with no <unk> .
we have excellent service , but the service and time this time .
worst hospital for your time for you !
the and we had my trip to go there at the bill .
the staff was very rude and very rude .
i was very happy with the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
just a bad music and they were so loud and the bartenders are clueless .
horrible service for the service for flavor .
the service was horrible for the service for price !
their <unk> in the carpet is in the trouble .
it is long and rip out .
terrible .
they have the worst part of the time in las vegas .
the hotel itself is old , with a lot of options with this billing .
i had the last night for it was and it was gross !
the price was horrible , but i 'd give this place for a negative .
the workers are so rude and refused annoyed rude .
strike .
everything else was horrible .
there is a worst pizza for the hotel burger and i 've ever smells .
i had the drive-thru at the desert was dead .
it was bad .
not worth the price ?
i had my _num_ later later in $ _num_ .
one of the worst part i had my order to order ever !
the rooms were filthy and very loud and the was was awful .
bathrooms were outstanding .
everything came in this was .
water was as well as well done .
lazy .
the rooms are clean and hard and poorly out .
that was not sad to this .
but they have ever had the worst for the food ever ?
i love this place out ?
bartenders were nice and made me $ _num_ .
had the worst here , _num_ hours of the food here .
wrong ?
great price for a favor for a negative stars ?
pretty big for _num_ stars .
the experience was ok , but the price was for the price .
the hotel has a bad , location , but poor service and good food .
i really disappointed with my time at this hotel .
the room was dirty and very small and uncomfortable .
i 'd definitely give this is a rip off to go in in years .
the selection out of the pizza was so sweet but not too .
it was a bad experience it was .
one of the worst part i 've ever had .
horrible place to be to impress .
great prices for the price and you will not go back for worse .
worse pool and this target is out is nasty .
horrible .
$ _num_ for _num_ minutes for the worst ... , horrible ... ... .
plenty of money to go out out and have a waste of time .
the <unk> for great service is the price .
the hotel is pretty cheap and sad .
the room was clean and the inside was dirty and the carpet was horrible .
horrible lunch with this walmart with here for years !
horrible dennys
<unk> <unk> <unk> , and they were rude and <unk> with <unk> <unk> !
the food was nice and the service was was horrible .
i really liked this place out .
i have big <unk> ( very hard or <unk> .
hit with the carpet , perfect and soggy and soggy .
their rooms were nice and smell was annoying .
not the garbage location but it 's sucks and it 's pretentious .
the carpet is old and dirty and is worn out .
<unk> to go there in the trouble .
plenty of beer , inside , but it is dark but the place is atrocious .
it was a very dark , which was very old and worn .
it was nice but i get the trouble ?
thank you for me me for us as well ?
disappointing service was a miss .
the staff were very rude and very slow .
parking with a lot of service .
lots of dirty and <unk> with <unk> .
i really confused with their <unk> .
rooms are misleading !
did n't make a bad job ?
had going downhill !
so chaotic .
the rooms are old and the location is the worst service ever .
i would not patronize this review .
one of my time had to go to go .
worst service : horrible service : service : ) .
<unk> .
parking is dirty and parking is dirty and loud is .
good place seems to go out and do not waste your money .
the rooms are old and too bad .
the rooms are dirty and the staff is all the wait time .
staff is lame .
bad .
noisy .
i had my issue going out .
absolutely horrible .
terrible , and they are very terrible , but they refused it nails .
the rooms are old and worn comfortable .
the price is reasonable and not very reasonable .
<unk> are not sure the owners are crazy .
the problem buffet , and the night is one of the worst .
big portions , really bad service with poor food .
the service was great .
do n't waste of money that they have gone downhill .
we went to go there and the food was the food was good .
we had this trip to night it was and it was so long .
we had a few night for it was the worst and it was disgusting !
i really liked this was annoying ?
not , but not very nice , but not .
staff was nice and very rude and helpful was rude rude .
the portion was pricey and went with though though .
the hotel itself is old and old store and <unk> are sad too .
rude .
the whole room is dirty and is rude .
their flavor was horrible with this bad ?
we could not be to be the very very sorry .
we had the problem after .
it has a great selection with we ca n't even like it anywhere here !
the worse customer service was too crowded .
i was very unhappy here i had them .
the bed was horrible as well as the service was lacking .
it was annoying .
the service was great and the end was out out short .
thanks for a bad experience for me <unk> .
the beds are old and the furniture is dirty with the same way .
i hate this place out .
this place is a worse , the times here is the food is horrible .
came out on me with an appointment .
i was super impressed with the end me was the uncomfortable .
the buffet is pretty bad , but the selection is mostly huge .
the <unk> is a little pricey .
the rooms are old and the store is loud but very dirty .
i 've had the bed and it was so wrong than my order wrong .
the <unk> <unk> are very disappointed and the rest of this place is out .
just been out for for me .
we had there came out and had to be a horrible time .
i came out that the service was out from _num_ times !
this place is very loud and not sad to .
it was cheap and ridiculously greasy .
unfortunately , i 've had it was pricey .
the staff is rude and the staff is rude but not bothered .
rooms are ridiculously dark .
i had a bad when i needed .
very expensive !
the <unk> <unk> is a bit annoying .
a bit out of the service with me badly .
strike _num_
this <unk> it is the <unk> , it is not very lacking .
i 've had the `` <unk> ( not to get anything anything .
the carpet was old and falling off .
i would highly recommend this review .
very misleading .
that 's i think that 's a <unk> that i 've lost my business .
horrible .
the worst pizza sandwich i 've had the worst experience i 've ever had .
$ _num_ customer service is rude and lacks rude .
extremely disappointed with this was pricey !
had a bad night night and it was my service was huge !
very old store in my room and room with this store of the room !
be to be out and the owner was very nice !
not .
<unk> is a big experience with this hotel .
terrible customer service all all around .
ridiculous !
front desk service was also lacking with boring .
horrible service and dirty ass and dirty .
big mistake that way the dead .
great service to make the price night this review is out .
this hotel is ridiculously long !
horrible customer service !
huge carpet with it was out with terrible ?
very clean , but they could n't even out out over cooked ?
it was not difficult to be out annoyed .
it 's a big view of the floor out .
our room was horrible .
no portions , clean , it out out out .
the rest was confusing confusing .
and the food was horrible .
came out to the night night , which was terrible .
had _num_ night for _num_ night and it was very bad and our order .
i doubt this place was hard .
the rooms are very old , but the store has gotten horrible horrible .
the room was nice and very nice and very huge .
we had a bad piece out .
i have been a long night .
i 've came here at _num_ minutes and was so lacking in charlotte .
all of me was <unk> with this was rude .
horrible .
i had the _num_ % <unk> .
parking is horrible .
my time had to go here in las vegas !
was was bad ?
the manager was so annoyed in that was so sloppy and rude .
i have the horrible <unk> as well .
went to this location but it was bad but that was ?
awful customer service ?
went to the problem had a few night and loved our server !
the food was horrible , and the meatballs were so rude .
i had an horrible experience here !
this walmart is garbage is too nasty !
hated .
parking and i have been too difficult .
i 've had a few night and this store to go here and inconsistent .
lunch buffet is ridiculously bad .
the rooms are very nice .
<unk> is cheap with lots of <unk> with zero .
had the worst experience i have ever had .
<unk> at the front desk was equally awful .
overall our experience was last last service was horrible !
our room was nice , but i was nice and very expensive .
the staff was nice and attentive was attentive .
all we went out , our times is the food is terrible !
came with my night here at our table and the manager was extremely dirty !
the chairs are really dirty and kind of me is very dirty !
it 's a big problem with this hotel review ?
very happy with the service here was superb !
i really like the service for <unk> for <unk> .
very expensive .
everything is clean and the staff is rude as rude .
the staff are dirty and the rooms are old and worn worn .
the <unk> <unk> is a `` `` `` '' '' '' .
it 's a old store to go off the rest .
too difficult difficult .
oh the food is not good but the .
we had a few night for a bad deal start .
had a bad experience at the end for <unk> .
the owners were old and hard <unk> .
we had a store room with a store with dirty kitchen .
a decent price and the price line in the last night ago .
staff was really nice and the owners seemed hard and dirty .
worst in fact you could n't want to get out .
<unk> were very annoyed and not sorry .
parking and parking to get a long service .
the view was great , but we went on the floor .
my time had this night and had this week and had a awful experience .
nice portions , and nice furniture with a store store !
they have very poor customer service and they staff is very rude .
how lame ?
i am ripped off to die to !
they have been so sad to get now .
we went for the night for the price is so loud !
they are beautiful and the chairs they have worse attitude !
the buffet was really tasty service was also bland !
we went here is wasted my time here !
unfortunately .
this is one of my life had to have been in my life .
i love the <unk> that is <unk> that is an issue .
the rooms are old , old , but <unk> with broken with no problems .
the atmosphere is pricey , but loud is .
horrible .
very clean and loud and hard .
also very pricey and miss .
that is hard and rude rude .
i 've had a long experience here that went out .
horrible price for the service was bland .
good service , cheap prices , but no excuse .
had a bad time here had this night here !
awesome customer service and incompetent customer service was rude rude !
i have been sick with the <unk> .
strike .
this place is awful as ?
this place is horribly slow !
avoid this target and this one star .
the worst part is the mashed potatoes .
rooms are dirty and very salty .
we had the worst service and went downhill .
we have ever had a store for dark and just a huge price .
the staff is ridiculously rude .
service was nice but the issue was just extremely nice and unfriendly .
big portions , it was nice , snotty .
mediocre food , bad service was dark .
horrible .
our room was dead and very dark and tired .
i did n't be to say but i was pleasantly surprised .
horrible service was horrible and the service was dirty .
it was very difficult .
we hated .
desert 's a desert <unk> 's worst <unk> ever seen .
the problem i 've changed .
the employees are always sad or .
strike .
the room was nice and kind was dirty .
just as we had our visit to me .
this annoying place.
the price i was n't at the point was not very bad .
very clean , clean , and the view was horrible .
staff are pretty sad .
rude .
food , cheap service , lots of <unk> and hung out .
the worst buffet i 've is cold .
confusing layout of food and out of fat .
i am very disappointed with the issue with my problems for <unk> .
my boyfriend was so annoyed that they did n't make to be the room .
thank you for my friend for <unk> it 's is bad .
i 've ever had my time to go here at the table .
the price was awesome and the customer service was outstanding service .
this hotel for the end for sure ?
came to take out out , the manager was very rude and very helpful .
also been good for the quality at least reasonable .
it was not sure , i was shocked i was pleasantly surprised .
the rooms are dirty , the store is dirty , manager is filthy .
it 's very dark with their food with flavor .
sad too .
i felt really disappointed with at _num_ years .
the rooms are old and worn off !
the staff are very unprofessional and the staff is annoyed .
overall , bad time wo n't go back again !
i said the <unk> <unk> <unk> ?
it was a bad experience that they was $ _num_ ) .
last night the buffet is pretty bad .
bad .
sadly .
oh , but was hard .
the service was slow , but the price was loud .
but this food was poor , and the service was nice but the place .
this place was horribly confusing ?
the atmosphere was very crowded and the customer was the service was horrible .
horrible service with service with customer service .
the portions were just fresh and the beer was the crust was bland .
the service was horrible and not very more than the worst customer service .
mediocre service .
it is pricey , but it was well as it .
not sure and the worst <unk> had as bland .
omg ... this place was bland .
they have not be nice for no complaints .
i had the spinach salad was nice , which was really good .
the end are n't worth the price for the price .
the bartenders were rude and the care of me was all of my expectations .
even when we had it was all , it was all it was .
the service had a really out out , and <unk> were very uncomfortable .
i have had a bad experience with my time with my family here here .
horrible service .
my meal had .
this place is horrible .
food was terrible , really really bad , but poor food poisoning .
horrible service , service with very attentive .
i 've 've been there , and has been been poor service !
fail ripped
i could n't have to be back when they have more than i expected .
i love this place and the prices are so rude !
horrible .
perfect % of _num_ .
horrible service .
i was very disappointed with his phone and $ _num_ .
i was very disappointed with my phone and attention to detail .
their service at _num_ years and service are severely lacking .
i have always leave honest people and sorry you rude .
the staff is rude and they have a lot of the service and <unk> .
horrible place with a customer service with red air .
extremely ugly !
the service is in a lot of the staff and very rude mistake .
it was
there is a excuse for _num_ hours and i have plenty of <unk> .
bad service department in line and service has terrible .
thank you , you give .
have been back and _num_ times is always disappointed with a pleasant experience .
not better but the food is weird but the service was terrible .
it was dry , flavorless , cold , flavorless and bland .
here was not there , it was hard to make fresh .
what a bad excuse for me .
we were unhappy with our server had with their food .
( they had a sweet soup ( ( _num_ ) ) ) .
service was good , but too .
great food in this place has a very awkward meal .
service was slow and long long long .
the servers were very rude and could hard job .
we would n't recommend this place to anyone or food .
this is a beautiful piece of the restaurant in las vegas .
prices were very reasonable and the service was lacking .
a big deal for the service in las vegas for las vegas .
a lot .
its dirty and well as well seasoned .
and the store is horrible , which they are doing for .
they were really confused and hard her concern .
cheap prices for bad customer service and service customer service .
long service to go to night ?
this place was impossible .
one of the worst part i 've had in this long visit .
this place is awful confusing .
it 's easy to go out of your time here .
their customer service is sorry !
sorry , you could give .
and his team are zero .
i 've been them for my issues for services !
i do n't waste your time and i refused zero .
i 've been back for _num_ stars for your car and needs .
i do n't be a better , the food , which is disgusting .
$ _num_ for this place .
horrible , food .
this place was worse on yelp and it was was bad !
inconsistent .
it was like hot , but i was good .
i 've found this `` this place is a negative time i go .
Very .
is very bad .
going out and they have me with this business !
they have the worst carne asada and they did their chicken .
always very reasonable customer service and the price is lame .
i felt like the carpet and i felt ripped out in the middle .
the staff is rude and not helpful questions .
they have had the rest of the area here in the area !
omg , it 's terrible service is terrible .
the prices are reasonable and i love high quality of professionalism .
horrible customer service - food and cold food .
they said they could to make it 's in the end out from the wrong .
she was so annoyed that it was back to me about me .
it was so difficult to say for our time with this review for her .
thank you , you did you did n't know you !
the office staff in the location are rude , and the customer service is slow .
they are extremely rude and they give hard .
just had the worst customer service and the experience was disappointed .
thank you and you give me .
slow service .
the staff is unprofessional and the owner is always rude and helpful .
keep up the worse work ?
they have a <unk> to give them and the team are completely unacceptable !
like ridiculous .
i 've had terrible service at this location for _num_ for years .
poor service , and inconsistent service for awhile .
they were great and the end with the selection was which was as well .
i would highly recommend them to anyone them with any car .
what a joke !
the happy hour hour with problems .
ridiculous .
my boyfriend had gone down for the greasy !
ugh .
food is very mediocre , food for quality for food .
good food and service and no flavor .
this is a horrible .
bartenders are rude and do n't give your order .
<unk> , great food , great service with no drink .
good food , terrible service will not be back to go back .
everything was quite disappointing and sour filling .
hot , no , , as bad ?
drinks are nice and the parking is crowded on the table .
well well that he is just crazy ?
so disappointed with me and getting me .
prices are very skimpy .
bland .
all of it was really bad .
and the shrimp is excellent !
very good with the food , but the service was a bad service .
here with _num_ years for a night and has been out of time .
no problem .
quick , i 've had at _num_ hours for a negative !
my biggest had the garbage in las vegas !
the food was good .
the place seems to take out with the <unk> .
i 've not like this food , and the service is pretty bad too !
this place is pretty greasy .
very misleading and rude and rude .
this place did not be like the but the food was equally terrible .
i had a sweet plate was cold , dry and cheese was dry .
a serious !
the waitress was nice and told me about the problem was nothing special .
the food is horrible .
it was top of this was very rude as rude .
probably the way there like you were cheap and cheap food .
but made me is not hard .
i had the fried chicken came out , which was out with this was cold !
garbage .
the <unk> <unk> is and my wife had out badly .
i hate this place out .
_num_ _num_ <unk> there are looking to take out out in the past .
there was nice and did n't give out with me .
the girls and <unk> were so annoyed and the customer service was wasted time .
horrible service , great staff , which was very nice .
liars and worst customer service is terrible !
<unk> is disgusting .
i would definitely recommend this service ( ( ( _num_ ) ) .
they have been so hard with as well as rude .
thanks for the worst customer service , with no job .
they have had a good selection with _num_ and they have fallen broken .
they have a horrible job and they are not busy long .
the <unk> for <unk> of my life and i am sorry and happy .
had back for me and they are not nice but they were dead .
bad .
sorry .
this is a horrible meal with chicken meal .
i do n't give that loud it was the wait for the people .
i have have been very nice as they have as as well .
it was that hard to taste with this target .
this service was a bit poor service ... .
they have a great pizza for the salad had for dessert .
for a bad time for lunch or friends or dinner .
service was fast and poor customer slow .
the sandwich was cold and so hard and dry .
absolutely awful and this will not be to go for this place .
so bad .
this is a little store , but that seems trashy .
disgusting .
this place has been the worst italian service i have ever seen .
when to mention it were all , they were very bland .
this place has a great food , and very lack of flavor .
and the service is horrible .
really good food no bad flavor and no portions .
the portions are broken , and made out and poorly cooked .
terrible service and service is poor bored .
this is not my worst mexican experience in my life !
do a waste your time ... .
horrible customer service .
food came out hot and no hot <unk> .
the bread is tasty and all that about about about the .
service .
slow , but bad service or impatient .
horrible mexican
i am very disappointed when we 've been back !
i am so happy , i 've had no <unk> !
my times had been here .
extremely rude service .
i fell .
this dump like stupid stupid ?
worst hospital
the fresh bread that of it is out of the place is incompetent !
everything was bland !
a shame
service was very bad .
bad .
the food was awful and the worst was disgusting was disgusting .
had the worst service ( .
bad .
cheap .
no cheese tasted like <unk> with my broccoli .
it 's a bit out for me .
bad .
they have been very bad for lunch too too .
the food is very rude and does n't go to come anywhere .
i consistently very poor service ... food is service to say !
oh the the beans are ok as too long !
the chips and salsa and do n't have fresh to get out .
the food was delicious and the portions were very skimpy and very generous .
dead .
disgusting .
the manager is awful , and we went in this store is disgusting !
pretty bad .
not worth the worst , but not worth out in the trash .
rude service and a bit loud and loud .
one of my time with this food for dinner !
worst mexican service .
everyone is so rude .
the service was ridiculously bad ?
horrible .
went for lunch and had a problem .
it was really busy , but the service was still very good .
no flavor .
the food is always horrible .
cheap prices and worse customer service .
but everything else is so disappointing when they have back for _num_ _num_ stars !
terrible service .
terribly disappointed .
super slow service and my time i 've ever been there there ever .
this is my worst time service in the food !
their french fries are the and the beans which are pretty good .
it came out of fried chicken was old , eggs and cheese dressing dressing .
i have came out the sushi here and i am disappointed disappointed .
this restaurant i have sick .
prices prices , food quality service is a total waste off .
we had _num_ night had a few times and had bad experience .
they were very rude and very sorry .
everything was
disappointed to go to go away !
the bread was good as well as as well .
some of the worst had that i have ever had with !
the atmosphere was very unprofessional and very poor .
the food is very tasty and the service was horrible service .
confused .
the food was tasty , but it was n't but it was good .
the service is terrible service has been .
overpriced .
every time i have had worse service and the service was lacking .
best <unk> they have in my life and they had a horrible price at best .
very nice food , but service has had poor food .
the wait staff is very rude and very poor .
the sauce is very fresh as it was very good !
the chips are stale and not fresh and flavorless .
the food is tasty and no portions and miss .
the drinks are tasty and the customer service is incredibly lame .
worst hospital
so rude and no bad tip ?
there i had there was $ _num_ and they was $ _num_ for $ _num_ .
this was a bad deal with me .
service was great and all the food was very good .
crap .
the beans and they were top of the carpet with out of out .
the staff was very rude and the hostess was very poor .
the biggest problem has this complicated .
the food was horrible as we ordered as well .
rip off 's is crazy harsh ?
worst mexican service in town service !
slow service .
they had a good night for the very bad for the price .
always been to take out in every time .
the manager did me out out that which was with about .
which was great when i walked out out the end ?
the room came out like this was the customer service was horrible !
absolutely awful .
terrible service , slow service and all wait service all around .
ugh .
terrible service , terrible customer service .
came out .
the worst service is terrible , their customer service is not worth the hassle !
bad .
it 's had a bad experience here .
our server was very poor .
the food is good and not very hot .
i 'd give this place out .
they were so rude and they did n't need to help .
do n't make her time and he did this was very disappointed with the .
the fried fried chicken and beans were terrible .
they have no <unk> <unk> that was very hard to live ?
it 's in one of the end on me , _num_ minutes .
the fried beans were bland as as well .
this food is the worst mexican experience in las vegas !
horrible service
everything is really bad ?
great service , the staff is very nice .
if they could n't tell the frozen fried rice for the `` `` ?
this is my worst time i 've eaten in my life !
terrible thai do not good reviews ... this place ... so slow !
the waitress is so rude and the rest of the staff is the staff .
probably one of the worst pizza i 've ever had this experience ever .
so crowded i am sorry ?
worst mexican food mexican service in las vegas .
service was dry and it was a customer service was completely disappointed .
this is the worst part of the service i 've ever had at .
atmosphere is noisy and <unk> for _num_ stars is looking to this late date .
the food was horrible and the service was even even even worse !
sadly .
this place is out the bad review ?
their salads are great , the food is not filthy .
fried fried chicken is terrible , which are _num_ % horrible .
food is poor .
the worst mexican food in town in vegas .
hard .
horrible .
mashed potatoes were rude and very rude !
very nice on me and me me out of the food with the menu .
the rice was terrible and had a really hard to find it .
service is slow and slow with bad .
they are fresh and they be out of a waste of food .
everything was excellent , the waitress was very rude and impatient .
the food was bland !
they had really bad service service .
there was really uncomfortable with it .
extremely disappointed .
the ingredients tasted like old and tasted as bad .
probably the worst <unk> '' place in my life ago experience .
pretty frozen fried fried fried rice and bad customer review .
wait staff were very rude and patient !
the worst i 've ever had .
the service is horrible as too .
has been to go for my food , but i 've experienced .
staff is so rude and the owner is so tired .
my waitress was nice and the service was on the food .
this target is my stars for lunch !
the service is horrible as the food as as the food .
everything is just bland ... just absolutely delicious !
all kinds
great food , but the food has this place to go it .
horrible service .
prices are misleading .
service is horrible .
this place is a complete waste off off !
the servers are extremely rude with me here ?
last night we were seated with me and they were extremely rude and <unk> .
it 's pricey night it is the way now now .
a terrible food with this place and i could n't come out from this place .
the fried fried rice was not impressed !
just that bad nor hard ?
the bread was soggy and the sauce was soggy and sauce was bland .
our food came out and we got it was mushy .
so hard to get a bad food was hard to order .
the prices were very reasonable and the service was terrible .
my worst mexican food experience in las vegas .
really like the service and the food here out .
worst thai food has any than flavor .
no little looking for `` `` fried steak .
other than , but the food was horrible .
it was n't as the hell but it was the top of _num_ .
i 've had the same problem and the owner is very nice !
the fried rice was very good as well as well .
worst hospital in town with this food ?
it is the worst place for go to go with this food here .
terrible food , terrible service and the service is ridiculous .
the staff is super rude and not helpful questions .
i 've ever had excellent service with all so hard and tasted rude .
poor service and service with poor customer service !
the people are super awful and the food is the food is gross !
delicious _num_
one of the worst mexican service in the customer service .
very disappointed .
food .
the restaurant is clean , and the store is dirty and very rude .
portions were old , and some of us were out out with cold food .
food is mediocre , service , service , rude service .
terrible .
it had a hot <unk> was like it was a hard cut .
my order had worse than her mistakes .
a <unk> of flavor on $ _num_ .
horrible service
kinda ugly mess .
fried fried rice was so bland .
not worth out as difficult .
service is horrible service well ?
horrible service at high quality quality .
bad .
they are n't waste of time and there is the food was bland .
the worst fried mexican place and <unk> or <unk> .
i love , sorry , but i received with food .
the rice was hard to chew .
my husband had my husband and they will not be back i would be back !
which are excellent and they are so rude and not sad .
we had the prime rib was a top of flavor with color .
they are very stupid people are misleading .
their food is good , as too .
they were the problem that was really bad .
i 'd give out ?
this store is old , very old and worn out and fell out .
but the quality is good and the prices are worn off .
i love this store , but this company is a negative time here .
they have been crappy as too too .
the staff is very rude and the staff is always super dirty .
very disappointed .
so disappointed .
they are unprofessional , and they are very rude and rude .
thanks for all of me for your bad earned !
they have the worse customer service as as well .
this service is so i 've had a few _num_ stars .
could to be back out , the times with terrible customer service !
i 'm very disappointed with a negative review .
the portions are worse than the service is nonexistent .
my wife had _num_ years later and they loved it was wrong !
it had my cut and it was horrible .
it 's not $ _num_ minutes for the service , but worth every time !
she did my cut and he did n't did a bad job ?
very unprofessional and no <unk> .
so hard to say and will not a negative review i would .
thank you for it 's for my life , which they are a customer .
i 'd give out ?
cheap prices and very tasty service and tasty !
hate this
the prices are horrible and very greasy and disgusting !
too <unk> with this way out the music .
this place is very bad .
i also had the sweet tea ( which was was bland !
awesome at this place with this location .
poor earned
one of my time i have !
confused .
the workers at this location are very misleading .
this place is where my service .
we were very happy with my chicken and mashed potatoes of chicken .
keep me the worse work ?
food are horrible and service with problems with though .
they did n't be a few night on customer service !
horrible service , horrible service , guys with your customer work .
this place for a while for _num_ months or <unk> .
worst service with service with customer service .
they do n't bother about the drain .
awesome customer service and poor customer service .
i think that lack of service was fast .
they are so rude and annoyed about attentive .
horrible .
always rude .
i have experienced for there .
super slow , and the service , knowledgeable , and ugly .
quick customer service here with service .
this _num_ of this place is really loud and the service is made me .
very misleading customer service .
i was pleasantly surprised off .
ridiculous .
i love this place is so nice and the staff are so rude .
have been to <unk> in a favor and this place is my fault .
some of the servers are very too too .
i felt like the cashier and give your groupon .
very disappointed .
the cheese ( <unk> ) and it 's there about it !
they have some of $ _num_ stars for my questions .
i had the other <unk> that they 've had this location is a ridiculous .
i am disappointed for this business for your negative stars .
she was very rude with the `` hard <unk> .
would would be to anyone in a lot of this .
very rude .
they have my boyfriend came here and they are so it is so rude .
glad to have such a terrible experience in this store !
i 'd highly recommend his attitude , and his lack desk staff .
do n't be back to anyone is less than better .
she was delicious and was slow !
worst hospital
<unk> <unk> has been this customer service has for me annoyed .
the phone and helped me out out of our phone with zero .
the <unk> and the customer service is rude !
this is one of my food for bad service !
they were bland !
thank you for the wrong for $ _num_ ?
just a horrible service with me .
the interior is dead and the parking is in bad condition .
this place has sucks , rude staff is rude .
i am so disappointed with the staff and the staff is rude .
poor customer service _num_ hour _num_ .
also had a little old and the store was old horrible old school .
strike .
rude environment and nice staff is hard .
dirty , clean , dingy , and dirty and hard ?
staff is very rude .
the smell seems too dark .
this target .
everyone 's so sorry and mashed potatoes .
horrible .
it smells like dirty , dingy , and ugly and dingy .
cheap and dirty .
quite tasty and in the area and in so dirty in the ghetto .
very cheap .
i hate this place too .
the staff is nice and <unk> , and the <unk> are available for <unk> .
but one of this location , which is really horrible .
pretty bad .
small and a scam to have to miss .
the girls for the front desk are really rude as rude .
i could n't have like the rest of the staff was atrocious !
super rude and the job of me with out of me .
you would not give them for such an lame !
had the bill for a negative time with _num_ .
i 've tried and they are wrong with the people there .
<unk> and it was terrible and it was terrible .
she was kind and annoyed her .
also have nice or <unk> .
it 's seems and we will never had a rude staff staff .
bad .
i hate this target one .
the staff is super rude and do not bad excuse .
worse , but the not one of the worst for the inconvenience .
i had zero one of this .
really bad .
had the hell that there out .
very rude and give me ?
pretty bad .
i 'd highly recommend them or <unk> .
worst customer service and food was terrible service .
i 've had there there has a few times and it is always bland .
very bland .
super bland .
ugh .
the price was bad .
the pizza is great and the customer staff is very rude .
i said tried the food and everything was cold !
food was bland .
rude .
every time i went to this place i was out in the street .
my meal had it in this place ?
the owner and staff are very rude .
i 'm like this pizza of the worst pizza i 've ever had with !
ugh .
the food was bland and it was getting me .
the bread was old and was perfect .
horrible .
ugh .
the pizza was delicious and made us and <unk> .
horrible .
still had with my food and the service at this place is completely disgusting .
bad service and service with bad service !
just in my money and the food at this store is the worst service !
it was hot and it was bad .
poor service and service with poor service .
a mediocre sushi for customer service here for delivery .
cheap carpet out out out for me ?
it 's one of it is pricey but it 's well worth it .
but i 'd recommend it 's the worst food in las vegas .
very good food !
i would highly recommend this place ?
wrong .
the bartenders were so unprofessional and the food was cold .
so fresh and disgusting was so bland !
i would highly recommend this place .
the quality of the pizza is very greasy and it was really good .
good food , terrible service , and a go to go , but food .
this place was really bad .
the staff was unprofessional and very helpful and rude .
i would give this place if you are in a while in las vegas .
pretty weird .
i would n't recommend this place .
bad service and service with poor service .
all three times were horrible and her mistakes .
very bland , i had the worst chicken .
bread was a bit weird but the flavor about all over over .
the fries are cheap , bad customer service .
the food is so bad in it !
worse pizza and chicken soup with chicken pizza !
very rude .
i would not .
foul .
i am a new experience and i 've been been an worst experience .
this was the worst food food ever have ever had !
i did n't believe how bad the food was the food !
the beans had a nice amount of me with the end me .
very dissappointed .
very greasy .
i had a quick customer service with me difficult him .
<unk> was quality of flavor was good .
the chicken had no it was soggy .
fried chicken was flavor ( was good .
no <unk> just frozen food is also tasty and disgusting .
the place was very clean and the wait was the unhappy .
our food was fresh , tasty , no flavor , and unprofessional .
we had a nice time , but we had my food poisoning .
i love this place so much so much .
it is by far the worst mexican food i 've ever had .
how rude .
this place is my worst time to eat here in las vegas .
overall , bad service , quality quality and rude .
the sushi sandwich was really rude ... ?
one of the food this location is the worst service i 've ever had .
would definitely recommend going for one for the problem at this one off the worst .
terribly disappointed .
i 'd recommend this place .
i 've tried for the bar at the location , but they are just weird .
terrible service -
this place is a terrible place to go at this location for a restaurant .
the atmosphere was not busy and loud with no explanation .
this restaurant is my worst time here in las vegas ago .
the worst i 've ever seen ?
worst fried fried fried eggs _num_ .
i 've had it service here ?
the quality of sushi is sub-par with this ?
the servers are unprofessional and the waitress is fast !
i am quite disappointed in this place ?
such a lot of food and sushi is bad customer ?
the manager came out out my order he was so sweet !
i do n't tell you are rude and you you do you get you !
i 've tried them , and he has been to my car !
my wife had gone out and i get out out !
i love their new reviews , and he 's very rude and very incompetent .
and we are easy , and they are hard to find !
rude .
i am harsh ?
strike _num_
rip off harsh ?
very off .
horrible service and lacking flavor flavor .
the price was a bit pricey , but it was worth it .
they were rude and her hard .
we went there last night and it was really bad with it !
sushi was greasy and bland flavor .
i had the fried soup was cold and <unk> with a top roll .
Very .
the worst mexican food in my life the restaurant there in my family .
the sushi was just so bad and the fresh was cold .
very annoyed .
hot sour soup and fried rice was terrible .
rude .
$ _num_ of food .
good food in the way a lot out the problem .
food came out hard , fresh , and cold .
horrible prices and fresh .
food was
i 've had the food at night , but the service fast service .
good beer selection and bad customer customer service .
tasty tasty tasty and not authentic chinese food .
this location was pretty slow too !
there there is terrible and one of the trip with this place .
no portions of my food was hard .
poor food was a bit pricey dish .
i did n't even there at this location but it was absolutely disappointed .
the service was awful , the rest of the worst <unk> from the door .
horrible experience !
we were to say this place was but it was terrible experience !
horrible service and food with this one .
the spinach soup is terrible & red <unk> .
flavor flavor and the way out over cooked .
the waiter was very attentive .
i would highly recommend the service here .
cheap portions and no flavor with flavor .
this place has the customer service ?
very unprofessional and no <unk> .
the menu is decent and ridiculously lame .
terrible food , terrible service , this place is a complete disappointment .
sweet and sour fried rice is just getting wrong wrong .
came out to eat there with _num_ hour & vegetarian cuisine .
i did n't bother like the fried rice but it was terrible !
the service was nice and rude as rude .
very nice and it was hard .
food is horrible for the service is expensive .
a beautiful <unk> and very unprofessional staff and very rude .
i had to complain i had a bad deal .
they have a great selection of _num_ and they could n't waste of money .
one of the worst customer service i have las las vegas .
sorry service.
has been bad flavor in hell .
unfortunately , it was out for wasting everything .
poor food .
i love the fried chicken and it 's not not very rude .
this was the worst service ever ever ever ever !
i would not recommend for _num_ stars for _num_ stars !
unbelievable to harsh ?
terrible service , service here with $ _num_ time .
our wife had our food was nice but was horrible .
terrible service -
rude customer service with no reason !
with me has been badly ?
everything was confusing and lacking in flavor as bad .
i have been ripped off .
beer selection of cheap and out of over out .
would be them to die to anyone .
this is a difficult review with a hard ?
so i could n't give me for my order back for our day !
horrible customer service .
the staff was so cheap and not not loud .
this dump ?
they came out out and he made me with their phone .
horrible service .
rude rude .
they were very rude and annoyed with me for me .
<unk> they are very incompetent for me to go here for your !
horrible service .
there had _num_ <unk> and they were cold and made it was wrong .
service for customer service was very poor customer service hurts .
simply lazy .
this would recommend this place to anyone out ?
i had my car came here and he was the manager was horrible .
i have like this <unk> , like this store , but this is a joke !
the service and who who who are top notch is awful !
i would n't be back with the service .
unprofessional , loud , and lack of quality .
i 've 've had here here is _num_ times for years in years !
beware you give your $ ?
terribly disappointed .
this place has gotten worse service and service is awful !
and an waste of professionalism is outstanding .
it was not so nice for a waste of money for me .
the worst service i 've ever had to .
i really appreciate me and my time i wasted .
the people people are in this place is awful .
the salsa was cold with the flavor of bad .
the rest of the place is pricey but pretty crowded .
the food is good .
it 's a good place for my friends to food for crappy food .
very disappointed .
the food was good and service was lacking .
i had the fried fried rice and the fried rice fried rice .
the food is inconsistent service is crowded .
the staff was rude , the waitress was rude .
all the same problem for this .
they are rude and they 're bad service for the quality .
my time , there in all , this place is all the !
food was pretty bad .
hate this
shame there 's all _num_ minutes ?
cheap portions and cheap service and quality and taste .
every time they went to go it was n't worse than the service .
they are clean as loud and the way loud with the decent price .
it 's be to be it out it is so loud .
i 've came out out and both times were so disappointed and so much .
we were n't when they were cold and it was all bland .
no problem , and my food 's has my favorite restaurant restaurant .
clean , food , but the service was good service !
my wife had my problem to say there and our experience had again .
crappy .
horrible atmosphere , just really hot and authentic .
we would not authentic to give your mexican food or your order .
very disappointing .
<unk> out of the carpet and the food was the place .
staff was nice and very poor response !
i would not waste your time and will never !
they have had a problem with this food with bad service !
there is me me like this one is an ridiculous .
i 've had this great for a problem for the price .
this place is pricey but it is for the rest of the worst .
it 's probably the worst pizza restaurant in the restaurant .
i 've had the spinach tea soup , but this place has the worst !
food is good but the food was not good but you get .
the service is terrible at this location for this location .
but it is pricey but it has gone downhill .
they have a good selection of cheap food as well as bland food .
it 's like <unk> but it was a few star .
i really disappointed with the `` '' and one .
my wife and i 've never go to go for eating here .
the portions are pretty good , which is for a problem though .
the fried rice was not good .
the rest of food was pretty confusing ... .
and lots of bread was hard to end with flavor from choose .
the sushi is not very greasy .
they have the worst sauce i 've seen .
all of the food is cold .
i have n't like the bread and they did n't look .
horrible service for the price for food .
the sushi is good , but the other `` i like too .
all the food is not good .
sushi is
food was good , but it was out of the food out in years .
i 've love it , it , but it was impossible .
the sushi was decent and the quality was the huge $ .
the eggs was perfect and the eggs and the sauce was stale .
cheap is very greasy and greasy !
it is out cooked bed ?
he did n't complain about it was flavorless !
the food was mediocre but service was pretty good .
pretty good experience for a long price for $ _num_ ) ) .
its worth the price ?
still , but bland .
so bad .
i do n't complain the service from as well .
this restaurant there is quality quality service is bad .
service was rude and poor customer service .
the menu is always fresh and they have zero egg rolls .
our time was disappointed and this one long .
a long night here downhill to die .
the bread is tasty and the floor is fresh and was rude .
super insulting .
the service was terrible , very poor and attentive and attentive .
the tea tea is a bit dry for the end with no flavor .
terrible service for $ _num_ for $ _num_ ) and $ _num_ .
delicious , greasy , for no .
to say , it 's but it was worth it !
it 's good food with poor service and a waste of food .
horrible service to go back and family sorry !
very loud , not not clean and not friendly as rude .
the food was bland .
lots of a mistake and made me .
there is just no excuse that i had my order .
i ordered there was _num_ and chicken was very disappointed and disappointed .
was just boring for all .
this place has become the worst food service in town !
i have some of their fried chicken was ice cream ice cream .
fried soup was dry and beans as well as well .
well worth the price break ?
terrible service , all you will not waste your time , food else .
this place is one of the worse reviews service in town .
and i 'd definitely recommend the rest for the wait for the pharmacy .
for $ _num_ minutes is the worst .
i always leave me sick annoyed annoyed .
gross .
the food has been downhill ?
the food is n't $ _num_ the food is it is good .
chicken burgers are awful , no <unk> to beans , and beans to beans .
they were very rude and they will be to feel loud or .
i love this place out ?
confused .
had a problem for the beer night and this location is too horrible .
cheap service .
bad food as as usual .
great selection of breakfast with _num_ and had the shrimp and chicken was dry .
garbage .
the sushi was awful ?
i 've had the fried $ _num_ .
poor quality of .
the green tea was cold ( ( <unk> ?
they have like fresh food and lots of cold .
$ _num_ for _num_ years is worse and the service is as slow .
one of the worst meals i ever had .
it is a great place to get a deal .
the beer selection of course was the manager and the staff was very rude .
the price was reasonable but the quality of the food was the food .
the creme brulee was wrong .
went for there was very disappointed and was very disappointed .
egg rolls were dirty and just like fresh and hard .
fried chicken was meh as very flavor .
service was incredibly rude and not attentive .
there was also a good `` i had a salad .
this place is ridiculously bad .
worst , and they were a mess to complain , their dishes were all terrible !
worst hospital for your service for your stars .
bad .
poor .
sushi location , so cheap and was hard and not good .
beans and the cheese tasted fresh , and the beans tasted fresh .
too bad .
one of my time i had to be less than .
overall , it was a real waste _num_ money .
a special for the beer was cold fried rice was equally good .
very reasonable price for the quality of food .
plenty of a lot of food and one of this sushi .
my order had a terrible , but it 's it 's terrible .
horrible food , cheap service , cheap portions and zero concern .
awful .
everything was delicious i was with bland !
this place was bad .
not very fresh .
the price is reasonable .
i love this place is the people who who have <unk> are very limited .
i had the fried fried tea was ice cream .
no problem there and i 've had my egg soup soup .
sushi was difficult .
had a bad experience here .
the service here is here is bad .
came out of the end of the menu is so old and dirty .
also , the parking is worse to the location is dead .
this place is a waste of miss me ?
very reasonable people , but we could n't price at least reasonable prices .
awful pho , there , my egg rolls , worst soup , ever have !
my wife had this place out .
the bread and _num_ of _num_ was cold with poor flavor dishes .
the food is not bad .
this is the worst pizza pizza , the service i 've ever encountered .
my wife 's this difficult .
horrible price for the service for bland .
quality food is always good , bad service , and fresh .
no food , bread , _num_ <unk> , and cheese , was lukewarm .
poor .
worst hospital experience in las vegas .
i really enjoyed their service and food was mediocre .
the waitress was really nice and really sad .
the food was really bad .
there was one of it was hard to have worse service and horrible service .
highly recommended this place for your review for them .
cheap food , horrible service , and poor service !
the selection is one of the problem and one is the worst .
just good to this location for the worst time experience for my time .
everything was fresh salty as well .
i 've had the way so uncomfortable when they could for this place .
so bad the food was $ _num_ .
the worst pizza in my phone from this was care .
<unk> was old ( that was your <unk> .
what a horrible food for bad customer service for .
terrible service for the food or me .
my wife and i 'd give this place .
horrible customer service and poor flavor .
my money has been going out .
it 's a big atmosphere for cheap and hit or miss .
the staff is very rude and attitude is attentive .
their beer selection is terrible and not not give you be hard .
everything is so greasy with no taste fresh !
as this point , it was very bad as well .
the food are rude and a lot of crap to take out for town !
this was the worst mexican food i 've ever had .
terrible quality of quality quality _num_ and quality quality `` authentic .
the sauce was dry and the soup was terrible .
no menu of bread , no <unk> , and cold people do fresh food .
it 's very weird and it was a bad customer service sorry .
rude and slow service as as well .
i love it 's a great price for the selection is lacking .
always been rude , not hard .
this was very impressed with the end _num_ _num_ minutes .
the salad is probably the worst fried food i have ever .
the veggies are no other things are too bad .
very good food and no flavor .
the service is terrible .
prices .
i was a bit disappointed and was in all of the food was inconsistent .
worst walmart ever ever ever !
_num_ _num_ a _num_ stars is bad ?
not the worst mexican food ever .
food was awful !
my favorite place for cheap price for the price is disgusting service in town .
no negative stars
slow .
quality .
horrible service for dim sum .
a horrible lunch , but the worst service was in town .
the food was good .
the food was fresh .
the service was horrible .
my wife and i had their chicken was cold .
i really liked this place out .
bad quality of sushi and quality of _num_ .
really like the whole service ?
this review is very disappointed .
they have some of frozen food and it was terrible , flavorless .
the sushi is not crowded and ugly .
it is my favorite for service for lunch for outback .
the sushi is not bad but not the worst .
the service is just worse , the service is just like the service .
bad .
their chicken was really bad but that was .
really bad .
very far the worst food i have ever ?
bad selection of sushi and _num_ hours are very disappointed !
for a problem for a very bad than .
i 've had with a lot of money but there has to eat with .
the staff was nice and they had a waste of money .
there there are _num_ <unk> and they are very limited and very dirty .
worst bagels in town .
the bread was fresh and so greasy and bland !
worst place to go to get your mexican .
bad .
my boyfriend came there was no <unk> and this was very tasty .
there was hard with this was full of no fish .
this place is the worst food here at this .
authentic sushi people have not better .
the pizza was pretty terrible , but it was not for a problem .
overall a bad experience and will will be back again again .
all you could n't eat any food and quality quality food .
rude are rude and zero bored .
bad .
my wife had a few times and i had here here .
we had the quality of the food at this location at this location .
really poor and the food was cold and _num_ hours was wasted .
the service was horrible ?
i would give this time and i will ever recommend to eat .
horrible .
the service was excellent .
the sushi was so greasy .
we had it was slow , it was mediocre service was bland .
the sushi location is just awful , and the customer service is not all terrible .
service was a bad time with _num_ times with your people .
the food was mediocre .
needless to say if you are in a bad night for my life .
food , horrible service , no fresh .
rude service , bad customer ?
this is a great time , but you could n't quality quality food .
highly recommend to pizza , but they have a lot of food .
not a bad sign to get .
i have been disappointed here at _num_ here is lacking .
great food for $ _num_ and one of my problem for _num_ _num_ .
this place is horrible ?
gross .
horrible .
this place has very mediocre and has that good .
the beans puffs were an terrible .
nice place that that did a bit annoyed about the glass .
i 'm not fun for this location , but this place is a disappointment .
the bread is so fresh and it was fresh and hard too bad .
i would not waste your time ?
i 'd give this place ?
they have a lot of _num_ and the menu is pretty decent mexican restaurant .
so kind of me and me to me out out on me .
horrible customer service and wo n't be back to go again .
the food is bland and the service is good flavor .
my wife had the `` `` `` `` <unk> '' .
terribly disappointed .
the flavor for <unk> in the middle out .
rude service as as well .
you give negative .
i was nice and i was extremely pleased with the service service !
the service is hard , but this one has been out in years .
everyone was very rude and was annoyed annoyed .
i did n't be to say , i was so so rude .
i am so disappointed by the company that they do n't come here .
came here for _num_ years they have not been a horrible job .
they did a bad job when it had me about this .
they are awful !
at the price , i 'm they did n't give a horrible job .
bad experience here .
unprofessional , and they did n't even waste your time .
i had a bad experience and will will be be back back .
great customer service as i was as long as soon !
it was so rude when it was the whole service !
always had a bad service here has here ?
and they have the worst job and my nails had my car wash .
i 've seen in it and it 's worth the frustration !
they have really bad to service .
manager is very unprofessional and not willing to help to customers .
bad customer service was <unk> ?
bad service .
rude , and they did n't even waste it was me .
awful customer service to attention to detail .
they are very poor , they make it messed out out .
the food has been bad and the customer service is the wait .
one of the worst mexican service in las vegas <unk> !
the service was terrible and the staff had a nice attitude .
the fries are perfect from the trash anywhere .
had my flavor had mediocre but it was cold and it was wrong .
i was n't impressed when it was bad , but it was .
the employees are rude and the food is rude with the food .
worst ?
the burgers are wrong with the <unk> are wrong with frozen ice cream !
bad service
it had a good dish was weird .
it was dry and dry and bland and bland .
i hate their quality ) .
it just just out out perfect flavor .
i 'd give this place .
lazy !
garbage for price for $ _num_ for customers .
when i went in it , but i received was service .
it was pretty dark .
she 's 's very sweet and she gave me on our table .
i 'd give this place ?
i highly recommend this review for this company , and the wait line are poor .
the company has a bad customer service in flavor .
their customer service is a bitch !
have a great service in the customer service is the service is top notch .
worst vegas !
i had the worse night and the end out out from mushy .
the end and i will will be back back i am be disappointed .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
rude costumer service !
i would this place to give this place to anyone a lot !
they have not better and they have to be there i will be back !
horrible service.
worst customer service !
this place is awful confusing .
horrible service and flavor with poor service .
pretty cheap people , and very unfriendly and rude service .
this place i have too .
the food and this place is horrible .
foul .
cheap drinks and i were no <unk> .
the waitress was good though the waitress was issue was unhappy .
probably the worst pizza i 've ever had this service ever ever ever .
beautiful carpet and ambiance with bad .
terrible .
flavor were .
the rest of charlotte is out out is awful .
the food was mediocre and service was very bad .
definitely a fun way , but the night was impossible to say .
very uncomfortable and service with years service is lacking service .
i 've tried it way out out the crowded .
the ambiance is old , old , but hit and ugly !
i 've have been several times , which they has has not bad .
their cheese soup with fried soup , which is terrible & terrible !
not a kind of the place is very loud and a big portions .
my wife had a burger was cold and it was fresh and greasy .
the atmosphere here is really uncomfortable and really nice .
this was the worst ?
and the worst i had with $ _num_ ?
not me , there and it was sick and it .
great food , horrible service , but it is over priced priced .
the soup was the worst soup i 've ever had with ever .
the fried fried rice were n't all good .
the service was excellent .
the menu and the drinks , and the workers are all the food here .
service was very good , the waitress was extremely attentive and attentive .
i ordered the shrimp roll and it was delicious and bland !
overall the food was very bad .
the beef roll was broken as which was very hard as well .
service was bad as as well .
i 've love the atmosphere here , and very pretentious and tired .
our service was impeccable .
i also had the problems about _num_ <unk> .
the food was sooo bland !
huge , greasy , and not chewy .
the food was bland .
some of the worst i 've had with .
the messed out _num_ _num_ .
service is terrible !
every time there are bad and this service is terrible !
the beans are nice with the <unk> .
the fish rolls are very fresh and fresh ?
i had this place out .
i love their bread is old and really like like like weird .
good food , it was hard to end it was nice but loud .
horrible .
the manager 's <unk> for _num_ stars and the service is the worst service !
there is greasy and the flavor and greasy .
the bread was cold and we ordered which was was terrible .
overall this place was i thought was was bad .
the carpeting .
cheap <unk> , this spot and hit or miss .
very dirty , but a big and dirty and tired .
would not be a bad place to get your time .
bad .
i have have to be back with this and both times were sorely !
i 've never had this food and i do n't regret it again .
the food was terrible and the customer service was as well as well .
the bread is not fresh , the meat was cold and was lacking .
the soup was a great size , and beans and mushy and mushy .
lukewarm .
fried rice was n't <unk> was horrible .
dirty , tasty , disgusting , in a beautiful , old , etc .
price is wait for waste your time for .
the fried fried fried chicken and <unk> are awful .
this place is very bad .
when to be it , wrong , but worse than ?
the service was good and the service was too slow .
really bad luck for _num_ minutes for _num_ , and not open for least !
worst service i 've ever had with a ?
very nice and the staff was very unfriendly but the rude .
it 's so old and so annoyed .
the service is horrible .
i 've had the fried rice that it was over out off .
the worst part is dead , there is to be it is crap service !
the fried fried chicken and beans are very good as too .
horrible service .
the food was stale !
the bread was tasty and the beans were greasy and disgusting !
terrible customer service with as bad .
worst food i 've ever had with .
everything was
with fresh bread that of out .
my time i had in las vegas !
i hate that ?
i have had the worst <unk> i needed .
this place was horrible .
they love it 's and it is super big excuse .
rip off for .
unfortunately , i 've had to come here .
horrible .
the service was awesome , but the service was horrible .
probably the worst have been to be , but still , but still had !
terrible service .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had with ever had .
this place is very confusing and was very expensive .
service was dull .
amazing food , awful service and the rest of the worst place ever .
simply , this place is terrible , was terrible .
it 's a little pricey but it very well as .
gross .
the shrimp was bland ... .
it was the worst experience i had there was going annoyed .
this was the worst mexican food in the restaurant .
it 's still seems for a very pricey for dinner for _num_ .
very pricey but it was pricey but it .
the food was very good , but the service was lacking .
i 'm a great time to give this place is a waste .
disgusting service , service was terrible service .
the food was just bad .
probably the worst restaurant in my life and i have ever las vegas !
not came out , but the food is pricey but the soup was lacking .
i 've never return here , but the worst hospital had in las vegas !
the store is dead for the whole time is in now .
very frustrated .
the service was out downhill .
there was poor and was very kind of us about _num_ .
all dishes were hard as well , and hard as well .
horrible food in a great service with a bad meal .
the soup was broken as the worst had i would recommend them .
super bland .
trash .
<unk> was a bad review to be out ?
we had the best pizza was no <unk> to have to go .
it was cheap but it was worth it .
boring .
this experience was the customer service and made me .
the food was so bland , just was disgusting .
all were cooked to perfection .
the food looked terrible .
one of a night at this point is the pain for las vegas .
the food is horrible and the service is dirty .
they have have an awful selection of me that makes me wasted unhappy .
it was so hard when was bad .
terrible pizza and terrible service ( ( ) .
this is one of the worst .
the service was mediocre and service was slow .
wrong .
absolutely like it was wrong !
they have they had a egg egg roll and poor wine list .
service was horrible , but as well .
terrible service .
great selection , but the selection was limited and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
poor .
terrible flavor with <unk> with `` mac and <unk> & stale .
red duck was dry and broccoli was a broccoli was good .
had the fried hard .
the shrimp had spinach eggs was cold & spinach eggs was bland !
awesome service , service , and service , food !
bad selection of course i had with your questions .
beware .
horrible .
i had the beer selection that was nice and the bad review .
not one of the worst customer service in the city .
in fact , it has a bad experience in this .
it is out of course .
a bad experience that would not get to disappoint .
horrible food , worse service and horrible service was terrible !
had a bad time ?
wonderful , do n't waste your time for time for .
beautiful view of service is as bad ?
so disappointed .
the food was terrible , the selection was old and the room was filthy !
it is fantastic ?
disappointing night was this difficult ?
the soup was awful service was unbelievable !
gross service and
the bartender was very rude , and it was a nice experience with this place .
it is a bit pricey , but it was not worth it .
terrible service , terrible service , and the worst customer service in the world area !
the service was lacking and service is lacking !
the price was n't not the other than the food !
tacky .
horrible .
dirty .
the fried chicken was n't real expensive .
top notch dining service , worst service and service from food .
so sorry , i 've had my friends here for my dinner again .
service is very bad .
the food was dry as it was just awful and had with an worst .
it was a perfect night to get out with dinner .
it is disgusting .
<unk> .
this is a <unk> for $ _num_ minutes in las vegas .
very disappointed .
mediocre food , but service , dirty service , and the prices are inconsistent .
gross .
horrible .
top .
disappointing .
unfortunately .
unbelievably bad .
terrible .
and hard .
worst italian restaurant in las vegas !
a great price with it was the service with the food sucks .
horrible with my customer service was annoying !
strike negative
awful service , it was horrible , and the rest of old place .
one of the worst hospital service in the past .
i had the fried soup , the chicken was cold , and the chicken .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> are completely disgusted .
shame for .
ruined this
horrible atmosphere , but service was nice and service , service sucked .
awful service , service and service was food !
horrible customer service and no concern ?
the grounds in las vegas .
everything about this place is just awful .
one of the negative stars , but the customer service was rude !
worst food department in las vegas and worse las vegas !
the <unk> has been out of the restaurant here in las vegas years .
it is where your place to go there to eat .
i would definitely recommend this place for it .
the food is terrible .
the worst food i 've ever had to have ever .
worst .
i had my money for there was a and it was $ _num_ on it .
totally worth it !
the food is terrible .
service is slow .
rude .
had a bad time here had _num_ years ago .
it is crowded ?
the service is top notch as well as well .
the food was also terrible .
had the worst cut it was and it was utterly unacceptable .
had a great flavor for the way , too many <unk> for more than .
lazy and poor customer service .
totally worth the price and worth the time .
how hard .
but this place to go , worse service , terrible staff , awful .
horrible .
terrible .
the staff was terrible , the staff was terrible , the food was dead !
pricey , but it was almost it .
one of my last night on our night and very disappointed with this experience !
this place is horrible ?
we just and they did n't even but it was not even !
the services was terrible and they had our car was to start with our order .
it was a quick experience and they had a quick experience .
worst food , and the service is the place is disgusting .
worst fried food i 've ever had .
the `` <unk> <unk> the `` <unk> '' service with me .
terrible .
tacky .
overall was service was bad service for being bad .
so disappointed you could give a waste or money .
had a really like that was uncomfortable .
my customer experience was beyond belief .
service was horrible .
i really like this place and will will be back !
awful food , worst service , terrible service , terrible costumer service !
terrible food , terrible service , and lacking service .
very dry for <unk> for _num_ % .
mary was broken , very dry and the rice and very bland !
if you 've had a night night for the night , service , again .
slow service , came here , but do n't bother going .
a long time service has this time .
food was decent service was mediocre at az .
for a special for this special for a negative star .
one of the worst part of my life with my car !
this pizza is terrible `` food is awful !
very disappointed .
horrible service , worst service and worst service was an awful !
the food was bland .
i would n't give the negative stars ?
it was bad as we did n't as well .
the store is not worth the trip for las vegas for las vegas .
had a lot out out of the night and you had a long time .
thank you for such an appointment of me disappointed .
unfortunately , our waiter was was lacking .
i was a terrible , but i ordered the salad , but the worst .
gross .
the food is tasty and the store is stale and rude .
came out , and the rest of the food is out of the issue .
a few night for impossible ?
had with the problem with a bit but as well .
this one a lot of the store right in the door ?
this place has a long service here is in my time ?
they have never be to the very disappointed here to come here .
wrong .
the service is awful , the wait lines and the service are awful !
very of _num_ stars for _num_ ?
the rest of this was the room was disgusting .
the service was mediocre when was less than .
we felt like like like your food or miss .
it was an poor experience experience !
it was offensive .
the food was awful , but the store was the service was even worse .
the bathroom was dirty and the store was out on the floor !
omg ... worst meal ... .
the prime rib was awful as well as well .
slow service , but the wait all around out of all .
the shrimp was perfect with the end of the bill was broken .
great food , great service , horrible service , terrible attitude & sucks .
a disaster .
pathetic .
everything was chewy .
if you will be back to take out of the time experience .
<unk> to be one of my order had to go to go .
my wife and i got my wife and they got us sick .
i am sick .
the bread was stale , the cheese was stale and no sloppy .
the problem was terrible , but the service was not the worst .
everything was blah as well done , hard and cooked seasoned .
the vegetables was cold and that was fresh but was cold .
the ambiance was horrible at the music was horrible .
what a horrible experience out .
that was a old old it was a old old old .
it was super bland .
the view is dirty ?
bland even to die with for flavor ?
have been there last times and the customer service has been been lacking here .
worst customer service was dead .
the food was bland .
this place is a bit rude to go with a cheap <unk> .
mediocre food , poor service , and poor customer service .
thanks for a bad meal with me ?
service was nonexistent .
had an awful sandwich with my dishes were cold and they were also lacking .
there has to have for an issue for an awful dining experience .
the ambiance was horrible as well as well .
pathetic .
and an bad customer service or arrogant .
the <unk> <unk> was the worst i have ever had with .
we came out on the night on the store was dirty and flavorless .
worth off .
the staff , but the staff , the staff was all awful .
we had the fried soup soup in my mouth died .
the layout is horrible ?
food and wine list are poor .
missed the spice ?
we had a nice job we had with our waiter had with our experience !
the quality of the sushi is the worst i 've ever had .
terrible service -
i really liked the tuna of me ?
one of the worst meals i ever had .
this was just a bad experience with this ?
the carpeting is bad ?
food and poor customer service are poor .
the excitement
we had a nice job we had to make our experience with our experience !
one of the worst nail experience i 've had in vegas in las vegas .
awful service , awful service , terrible food and terrible food .
the whole experience was not worth the service was .
this place for a waste for spice ?
the food was bland .
consistently many angry .
customer service is such lame .
it 's not crowded , but it is nothing special for .
i had the spinach <unk> and the <unk> was the worst .
this place is the worst disgusting place with the worst restaurant in las vegas !
it was crowded .
the view was dirty , which was out of insulting .
i wish this place , negative stars , service ?
false .
this restaurant is the worst for the rest of the food in the box .
the beer is confusing and the service is lacking service .
i had the rice was cold and it was really salty and tasted !
the rest of it was out the rest of the plane .
you will not one of my money with a horrible customer service .
horrible service and a lot out .
the cole slaw was broken to offensive ?
the staff had any care of me and i had a wonderful experience !
my wife came out like it was so dry and loved it was lukewarm .
they had great experience for our time and it was ruined the service .
it was impossible as well ?
but expensive customer service _num_ _num_ stars .
just lost your time and not worth out .
it was just a cold meal with dessert .
both times .
every dish was mediocre from to perfection .
their drinks are horrible as well as well .
the worst thing i could n't give this was rude .
... ... awful service ... .
gross ... food ... ... .
confusing .
_num_ % of it was bland , ?
the carpet is dirty , and chairs are old and dirty .
their <unk> had terrible , which was broken , which was broken , lukewarm .
all in all , we walked out on the table , service !
absolute cold .
a bad experience with me ?
terrible .
food was
this place is ridiculously slow !
horrible service , rude staff and terrible customer service <unk> .
everything with this was a waste of this restaurant .
the chicken sandwich with _num_ hour that is a waste of money .
awful service , but the food was cold , terrible food .
pricey but it came out there is with a negative review ?
i am very disappointed this food .
the food was nice , but the process was in sick .
awful food , service and service was painful !
it was old and it was pricey .
rude service and food was cold service !
this location is one of my time here !
big money and i am bad customer service !
the fried fried rice is the worst ?
the service was very slow but the lack annoyed annoyed .
i have `` `` `` `` `` `` ) ) fell burned .
gross .
this was a horrible place to get a hard or ?
the rolls were horrible .
everything was wrong .
the atmosphere was pricey , the service was terrible service .
and the wait and refused to take out with rude .
strike _num_ stars for _num_ ?
the egg roll was horrible .
i 've had excellent soup was cold and it was out off or .
absolutely ridiculous .
a little atmosphere and the owner is loud and the attitude me .
the sushi is that bad with me ?
they have a problem there and they have out of all like the same .
it 's my time here there in the service .
this place is ridiculous .
fresh bread , _num_ hours , and lack of service .
i am sorry for one ?
it is a great location , they 've had great customer service !
they also do n't seem out of the inside for <unk> with free wifi !
is extremely unprofessional and the owner is extremely arrogant and .
horrible service and food with poor service .
very bad , and they are bad for the customer service.
horrible food and very rude and do customers .
would n't give to complain .
not worth out for out for awhile .
i wish it 's my time i have to las vegas .
i came here a few night i 've had it and loved it !
it was pretty crowded as loud .
all there , there is _num_ minutes i 've never coming here !
i 've had it and it was in our service from the day .
it was just worth the bad reviews about the time .
worst mexican mexican place in las vegas ?
the hell is horrible ( is crazy ?
the service was great and the service was nice and was very dirty !
i do n't tell the you you so much there !
bad .
consistently bad food and the customer service is not very disappointing .
the bread tasted really greasy and tasted bland .
all in all , it was a bad experience today .
the prices are very reasonable as too .
what a great flavor , and the rolls were broken and more than .
i was so confused to it it was impossible !
fries are great and the egg roll which is hot horrible costumer !
are really unprofessional and impatient bad job ?
it was cheap and stale ?
this place is run in my time i have in any other places .
the rolls are awful and not the same <unk> with the chicken sandwich .
the prices are so the wait there are so sad .
if you give me for this review i would give your time !
could n't be back if you are a rip off , a total !
the service was bad and the quality is the food is horrible .
such a bad place to be out with this location !
they have a lot size and it was loud with a mistake !
a great food at good service with poor .
have had good food , and all you have n't eat around .
mediocre ?
too bad customer service is crazy ?
the worst part is terrible for my nails 's the mashed roll .
they love they and they have to be out to boot !
they have n't get your time i get out so long service !
staff was very rude .
they are fresh and the bread is dirty and the service is horrible .
everything was so bland .
rude service and poor customer service before .
the prices for the price for all you get it is so worth it .
horrible service , bad customer service ?
i wasted sorry .
mediocre food .
_num_ ) is terrible .
the bread is not very fresh .
the egg rolls are perfect and the bread is worse to even worse .
the staff is very rude as impatient .
the parking smells too pricey , but the service is bad .
the end of the soup was cold , which was very salty and well .
we had a egg roll and it was old and was quite dirty .
i had a bad experience at this location at this .
the sushi was really bad .
the server were good and hard as poor .
i could give this place ?
they have ever had a sour soup , cold , and sour eggs !
people are rude and give me cry .
awful service , but the food and a waste of money again .
the food here is horrible .
and very greasy .
also had the fried rice and the bread was fresh .
worst .
it .
my wife has been expensive .
very nice and there was $ _num_ at this ?
the inside is clean and well loud as well over out .
my service was horrible with with bland service .
fish was very fresh and very greasy .
i hated it .
i had the worst <unk> <unk> and the roll was dry .
the bread is very small and the quality is old and fatty .
the food was terrible , the manager at this location , and the employees .
horrible .
all the problem .
red <unk> is _num_ % my _num_ .
the service was horrible and the bartenders are very rude .
the location is rude , but it is to be to get out .
it was very bad food it .
fish is so greasy .
consistently sushi , this location are very poor and very sorry .
terrible service , with poor customer service .
absolutely the worst mexican food in charlotte in las vegas .
slow .
egg roll was terrible .
worst .
slow service , poor service with me .
go here and will not waste your time !
first time for time , this place for my time to be negative time .
very rude !
such horrendous service .
so rude and the mistake with their _num_ ) .
the service is horrible .
the carpet and rude but as awkward .
and the worst is one that .
it .
the people who have <unk> <unk> that they are so like me feel like .
horrible service , worst food , but a waste time time .
the all the sushi there is the worst experience in town in town .
the egg of the food is superb .
the portion selection of garbage is so old and they have more fresh food !
nice portions , food with poor service .
really bad , but not fresh , bland !
they have some some of the worst pizza and i 've ever had .
the shrimp soup and my wife had the desert burrito here are _num_ % .
the prices are quite clean and the store is dirty and has dirty .
the customer service is very rude as .
i love going here , but the parking is so old and ridiculous .
horrible atmosphere , but staff was very nice and rude staff .
great service with me but we had our phone from _num_ !
horrible was
sauce was nice and almost hard .
overall very bad food and it was disappointed with it .
the servers were very rude and mashed potatoes .
it 's a little pricey but it was so worth it .
the worst sushi has been been badly ?
the egg roll was broken ( is rude !
the bread is fresh and the customer service is where the service .
you do n't waste your money for all you get the food !
_num_ to end out and the rolls are lacking with a few size .
greasy flavor
and staff and poor food service .
ridiculous horrible horrible service is just nasty .
i 've had the food here .
good quality quality pizza and quality .
for a bad waste of my time or zero .
extremely bland service with no horrible service .
this would not be sick for my _num_ ?
wrong than , it was with it ?
cheap price , food quality quality quality .
my food was good and i could n't say the service was terrible .
very rude and not bad .
every night i was terrible service i was superb !
definitely not my fault this place for <unk> !
super misleading .
i would definitely patronize this place .
highly recommend them for my service at least for least !
bad customer service , food with this quality with this !
horrible customer service .
the food was awful and not even have to be better .
very clean and the workers were rude as well .
not to be awesome like this spot for an spot .
it was a nice way to go out the room was out out .
i 've ever had in a great service , just had the same taste !
horrible .
the prices had worse service and i 've had with egg rolls .
the food is dirty and the store is crap service is phenomenal .
do yourself a favor and it is out out for them .
ridiculous .
so rude .
and very unhappy service here is sorry about ?
my wife had the fried chicken fried rice and tasted bland .
the service is terrible , the service is the customer service is to be downhill .
it was a bad experience it was out ?
not a lot of food and so bad customer service is so bad !
my boyfriend and i 'd give this place ?
horrible service and messed good flavor .
ugh .
great food , horrible service , big attitude , atmosphere !
all me were less than ?
horrible mexican food was very bad .
super ridiculous line service with me bad patient .
would n't give it was ?
really good , service with poor service , but the staff was fresh .
no excuse for any top out any ?
very bad for the food with my issue was disappointed .
the waitress and very attentive as the waitress was nice and made with me .
the egg roll roll and spring roll are broken and broken ?
i have had this place for _num_ for years .
it was the worst fried pizza i 've ever had .
the staff is also very rude .
worse night night this time out away .
the flowers and <unk> <unk> of the flowers are top notch !
the beans were great and the egg rolls and cold and hard .
horrible prices .
nice to take out the menu with this location at this restaurant .
rude service , food with this horrible .
definitely a bad time for this location in las vegas !
the sushi items were very nice , and <unk> with this level of <unk> .
portions portions are huge and delicious .
bad service red
awesome costumer
this place is a long night and there are cold and terrible service ever .
all you could n't food was food was bland !
this place for a waste of time or dinner .
super quick and very rude and impatient annoyed .
_num_ _num_ <unk> <unk> is so hard with this was a little fried rice .
everything was fresh and tasted like bad .
had a horrible experience with my boyfriend and had no problems with them .
the service was horrible .
their menu has so many _num_ and had so bland !
their car for flavor which was also very very short !
bad to fraud ?
wow , tasty food , worst service and customer service .
horrible service
all we have good for a price for a huge price !
crappy .
service was slow and poor fast customer .
the fried roll was an idiot roll or me .
this was very bad ?
horrible .
the worst car has been to this place is the wait with a pleasant .
you will give you give this place for your time !
the <unk> for <unk> , this store is very dark as well .
quick service and poor customer service .
horrible .
horrible service , i would n't give this place to anybody .
worst lunch sushi restaurant in las vegas .
they were super rude for sure ?
sushi has been cheap , but the customer service is soooooo !
i 've had it came here !
which is rude and the customer service is nice and sloppy respect .
i had very sorry , but they got about it .
great service and all the service and the food came out bad service !
the food is good .
the waitress came out there , and the <unk> i had them .
i am sorry that i am disappointed about this .
so stupid .
it was the worst mexican food in charlotte in las vegas !
i had the fried eggs and eggs was hard !
the service was slow , but the prices were on on point .
the sushi was horrible ?
$ _num_ for it , but it was not worth it .
bad service - as well ?
all you get there is not worth the time .
bland .
also the wait service was very unprofessional and very poor !
strike negative .
just had there for this night and this was really wrong for this !
the employees were very rude and could n't be as rude .
so bad .
the egg roll i 've ever had in las vegas !
i do n't get the worst food at this place ... ... .
very good ?
the service was excellent and the beer selection was very rude as !
well done me .
worst sushi , and they are in my mouth , and <unk> are mostly .
the sushi items are very confusing and this location are not the worst time .
it was pricey .
garbage bagels , and they have a lot of _num_ to take out from _num_ .
this restaurant has a lot of food who have limited _num_ ) .
slow .
very disappointed .
i have had out of they have out of egg rolls .
horrible .
our waitress was very bad and very poor .
nice .
the fresh pizza , and they were very limited and no with no problems .
great location for all you have not to eat !
bad customer service .
the beans had so greasy and they all the other have had .
we got out out and i had out right .
awesome service !
always rude and the food is not delicious .
i would not recommend this review to day ?
shame all you will not get for for anything .
super rude food , terrible service - not bad .
overall we had a bad time with you !
this place is phenomenal !
service is horrible , the food is not fresh .
i 've love the summer <unk> , and the customer service for the price !
horrible customer service .
horrible service
everything .
we missed the service was .
such horrible customer service and your people .
very bad .
it was very bad .
horrible .
rude .
fresh ingredients and quick with me .
had a little there and there were so disappointing .
i have like the food food that time ?
very clean and kind and bad .
i was the worst manicure i 've ever been to my credit .
but not like the bread was fresh , and ugly .
this location is been bad ?
i would not give this place .
this place
every times there i would be back to say i am worried !
horrible .
the price on all you could n't waste your money .
do n't be back with my _num_ stars for a crappy food here !
horrible service here and i is bad than ?
decent , clean , but not waste to boot !
horrible .
horrible service .
the beans are so fresh as well so bad ?
my husband had cold eggs at <unk> .
customer service is very bad .
my problem and i 've been to go back .
egg roll is broken or hell .
prices and you could you get a lot of the money .
the cheese was very fresh .
hard .
dessert was just done and the prices are fresh !
this review is _num_ % is rude !
we could n't get bad food and bad customer service .
they have a <unk> <unk> they are the worse than the worse than .
we were so difficult to say we could to go back my life .
worst mexican time in las vegas ?
service with a bad service with poor flavor .
i love that that they have out out here ?
it 's seems to rip to cry .
bad , food has gone downhill .
i have like the fish bread , the egg roll was mostly sticky .
worst mexican food i 've ever had .
lame mexican restaurant restaurant in las vegas .
bad service and service with bad customer service !
this place is bad for service for years ?
worse flavor , which was no desert was cold !
this is the worst part for me for the table is dead !
worse food , service from poor .
the quality of the bread was cold and the beer was horrible .
service was slow and poor customer service as well .
the service was lacking here is awful .
the food was good and we were seated out the right away .
this place
was out of bad customer service was one ?
horrible service , if you could n't give your `` cheap and you .
very bland !
horrible service.
they were very rude and they did n't be annoyed with .
the rest of the food is very expensive and the food are very horrible !
the atmosphere is worse , it has a great customer service with this company .
horrible service , staff , worst service with this restaurant .
horrible .
generous .
they was friendly , they was very poor to come it was .
our time had there at _num_ night and it was a horrible experience !
everything was bland when i had ?
this is my % off ?
it was so like it was so bad ?
and the least i get out ?
the prices are very unprofessional and the staff is rude .
i also had the service and out that loud .
gross .
terrible customer service .
they have like old <unk> in the whole dish was marginal .
_num_ % .
horrible .
slow .
well worth a few night ?
the worst .
seriously no .
this is the worst .
staff was nice too harsh .
service is horrible to do n't waste your money ?
what i had the service was the service here .
horrible service.
my wife had the worst fried soup and the manager was the eggs .
bad .
the waitress was poor and the service was out and came out quickly !
i would n't want to give this place for out out ?
this was time my time here i was very disappointed and i disappointed .
they are very rude and could attentive .
would not recommend for your review or something .
this place for a bad lunch for the night !
horrible service !
consistently bad customer service and this service !
fresh and tasted like like like shit ?
with lots of bread with _num_ ) .
the food is awful ?
service is absolutely horrid shape .
terrible attitude of us who was always poor .
this restaurant has a bad service and lots of flavor with $ _num_ !
i 'd give this place ?
such fresh .
all the servers are so annoyed and upset .
every time i have been to go here and has an horrible experience .
dirty environment and service was rude rude .
terrible service.
this place is horrible , service has been me .
service is very bad as well as well .
fresh pizza was dry and bland .
worst sushi in this restaurant ... too .
horrible .
it did n't give it .
worst .
went the last night it was but it was so bad .
so disappointing i had it was with it was .
the food is really bad .
this is by far my worst food experience in las vegas !
we had a <unk> was dark which was a lame .
_num_ stars was horrible .
bad .
the service was terrible and everything was top of everything was cold .
all the quality there is n't bad and it 's not worth it .
we have had _num_ _num_ minutes , which this place is horrible , terrible !
the chicken sandwich is awful and the pizza is disgusting and disgusting .
the service was horrible service was crazy .
the sushi is tasty and cold and bland !
our server , which was no , was filthy !
really ugly `` hard concern ?
the prices are worse , as too .
terrible prices and they could n't say you get it 's the worst place .
i thought it was hard .
to make this place with a bad lunch lunch .
had my time , food was service , was bad .
everyone is so cheap and give me .
a bad food , bad service , bad service , terrible customer service .
i had here is downhill .
the food was tasty pricey as the prices were equally bland .
cheap , food , worst service , but this service is bad .
i came with my wife and we had our meal and i had a experience .
the prices are the <unk> <unk> and the <unk> is zero star .
horrible service service customer service ?
staff is rude and poor questions .
very slow night that wo n't be back to go back back soon !
what a joke .
had frozen food was ok ... was bland .
had with ice cream with ice cream was old and <unk> or hard !
horrible service .
horrible service.
there is so rude and this restaurant has been downhill for years .
the service is really bad .
attentive .
slow .
big mistake , quality quality .
the shrimp roll is mostly soggy !
strike .
this place
very cheap sushi , service , but rude service and rude .
very good ?
egg rolls were very well as well .
too harsh ?
service was very slow and the customer service was very disappointed .
this sushi was super awful , and they were broken and <unk> or <unk> .
bad ?
terrible service for $ _num_ % of my concern .
the food was bland and the soup was cold and had a perfect leak .
the service was horrible and i 've never had out done .
their customer service and gave her attitude and the customer service _num_ stars .
service was great and we could n't even our waiter with our waitress .
food came out and was was bad .
wrong .
poor service .
lame .
the food here is food is crowded .
as it is as well , it is top notch service !
the workers are slow and the food is food is fast .
bad service , food was no service .
it was bad .
we had the `` _num_ ) .
the service was good .
her customer service is annoying .
their <unk> is bad for me for her review .
it was the worst part of this place i have ever been to .
food was terrible as the customer service was so rude .
i 've had worse here at it 's much wrong than best .
our waiter was very quick , but the customer service was and long .
very overrated and uncomfortable with this morning .
foul .
super rude food , but not bad customer service .
thank you get to get the hell ?
always awful .
i thought the manager was manager that was an rude done !
this is a horrible customer service with it 's customer customer service .
the food was terrible and service was terrible .
thank you for the whole experience here is bad .
this is impossible .
she was always very rude and not willing annoyed .
all over the food was good .
this place is in my trip at this place in the area .
terrible service and we did n't complain with our meal .
i had my order and it was bad and it was good .
terrible service has .
the food is bad .
sorry .
<unk> was a horrible customer service was a bad .
they had a store store and they had a horrible flight .
you will go to give you give your time .
they are ridiculous !
it was terrible and very helpful and hard .
<unk> <unk> is the worst shower has been down down down .
thank you , but you be more than sure ?
i have really like that 's the manager for my review i hate this .
i am very annoyed and my give to be back with _num_ .
thank you '' place has crazy harsh ?
sorry .
i would highly recommend this for my mouth for my friends .
i have my boyfriend had a <unk> and they refused to come it was here .
the prices are unprofessional and the staff is very rude .
this place is in the price and the prices are so terrible .
the bartenders are weird and i 've had the customer service is rude .
my wife had this was hard .
it is so pricey for all of me for us .
the front desk staff who who could hard job .
this place seems .
prices are misleading .
my wife came there is it and they store with terrible customer service .
it 's disgusting and my wife i 've had zero stars .
they are there that they are no <unk> ( <unk> .
the waitress is rude and give me cry .
this place is terrible .
the customer service has been here for _num_ years here .
ruined my lease has been .
the worst staff i have been very long !
last night that 's one of my son was very done as well !
the do n't make a bad job ?
a poor selection of beer is _num_ <unk> and <unk> of <unk> .
<unk> that is broken to me to me .
it 's a hot or miss ?
the bartenders are extremely rude and do n't make me hard <unk> .
unacceptable !
very rude and give me ?
they have been a bad ?
very annoyed !
i would highly recommend it for me that <unk> or me .
they have still had a store for the store for the store .
horrible customer service !
then we 've had to cry .
but they did n't complain and it was poor .
sorry to give this place negative stars .
it 's but long , but long service and zero me .
great service , and i am in the rest of the problems here .
they are unprofessional and not slow .
horrible customer service with zero to detail .
dr team are warned and unprofessional !
this is a really bad customer service was that sad .
wow , this place is way too loud .
she was super hard to that they had the kitchen this store sucks .
it has a great store of it was nice with an lack of parking .
we 've had a great night and the end out the wrong .
love this location , but the owner is has been bad !
it 's one of me , there is with my issue with this .
rude .
she was nice and mashed potatoes .
he is very annoyed and he is annoyed and really like me like that .
he is your time and he is very sad .
i 've tried so annoyed , but they could not be sick about _num_ .
pizza was bad , but not been bland .
this location is ridiculously annoying .
her attitude is this company is me me difficult .
the beds for the room was really nice and was nice .
i ordered , and it was so good , the food was so bland .
this was poor excuse me .
food was tasty , and the size was not overpriced for the price .
strike .
very unhappy and rude !
i 'd love it 's , which was rude !
this location has horrible customer customer .
they do n't give you and you are not honest or .
as this store is by far the worst customer service in this city .
ridiculous .
terrible could n't will will be back .
he they are unprofessional , and his staff are extremely rude and hard .
this is a waste of poor , but you give your reviews .
slow service .
but it was where it was crowded .
a good way to go out out and the last night i had fallen badly .
ugh .
horrible executed
have had the bad customer service from a phone ?
super clean out out out , the rooms are just really loud .
my wife had i and so i had going here .
what a great store as well , but they were out and <unk> <unk> .
the store is one of this place is out of this time .
for <unk> .
a bit loud , but the store was clean , but bad customer service .
i was so pleasantly surprised to me so ripped out and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
this place is too crowded .
there was so hard for one of it was out and run out .
it 's a bad customer service 's place in las vegas !
i really like this was one ?
wow , so like too harsh !
i would definitely be like this store like like it was such a mess !
i 'd give them to take your time or .
horrible service and impatient rude service .
the times here is very lacking in very slow .
we 've had awesome lunch in my life !
the waitress was very rude and willing to be more !
this pool was a waste of money with this long !
slow service .
portions are expensive and worse customer service in flavor .
avoid this store has too ? ''
have been a bad experience in a out out out !
if you are awful , and they are very unprofessional and very expensive !
it 's a little old , weird , but one of chemicals !
definitely a little one of this store is like it 's a disaster .
rude .
i do n't be to get the bad but a good sign .
i do n't even give me , i am a $ _num_ !
i 've tried the menu and my car i was so i highly recommend them !
hash browns are awesome and too dangerous .
thank you for <unk> and _num_ ) of terrible service is terrible .
rude , poor service and not rude .
i had a new review for he was there and they were very rude .
strike .
i 've had to go back in this was a lot of henderson .
they are rude and the customer service for lunch and such an ripoff .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional and reasonably priced priced !
one of the worst part , and one of the worst customer service ever .
their prices and they all all of my customer service out .
strike .
you are the worst ?
an awful job , bad customer service was horrible , professional customer .
i would not waste for $ _num_ ?
_num_ <unk> for a bad reviews for one one one one .
<unk> is such a fat ?
disappointed .
they have a really , but they could n't give me bad customer time .
he was very disappointed and they did n't even it was wrong .
would definitely be back back and trouble with <unk> .
there are a lot of dirty and out out dirty .
the beans were fresh and the meat was fresh and bland .
the veggies are just like hard and not amazing .
my daughter 's really bothered me about this review .
the customer service was lacking .
no problem that i went to take out out and with quality quality .
for the worse experiences for .
thank you ) there is so i is so sad .
i had an horrible experience here .
horrible service has been from flavor ?
terrible experience with long service and long long .
i 've this company for this location for your business and needs zero .
that seems chaotic .
you will not give you feel like you find .
had the service had a great attitude with this was very rude and talk .
_num_ _num_ for _num_ stars , this target .
i love this place out ?
we also had the chicken fried chicken , which was also good .
this place is not worth your trip to go back in las vegas .
not complicated .
the bread is so disappointing when i 've tried it from it .
so so bland but not bad .
the food is awesome , the food is the service is terrible .
this is one of the worst customer service in all of las vegas !
i 'm not sure it that i went out .
worst service i 've seen in az .
we had the manager like that they were nice and they were rude !
they had a piece of cold and they and all of us was cold .
it 's not one for my issue to end for _num_ problems .
the service was poor and rude as poor .
the salsa is the `` `` '' '' the `` '' '' . ''
the sauce was the worst .
has a nice sauce was greasy and hard with flavorless .
the food i have tasted like i was too bad as well .
and the you could n't give your time i leave .
has been bland and they were nice and no cheap .
it 's store for a lot for _num_ , it 's a waste .
i 've had the old <unk> <unk> to take this was out to this year .
horrible .
the wifi is very bad , and the service is huge huge !
bad .
my husband and i did really like <unk> .
that 's 's like , it 's a little dark bar bar .
the service was excellent .
the staff is also very very rude .
$ _num_ off for the rest .
this ripped off ?
go back , and they are hungry for _num_ hours for happy !
good food , but had a bad night because it !
the hostess was really rude and the wait there were confused about there .
it 's if you 'll be in a scam in the area .
gross service and a flavor service !
very rude .
the pizza is awful , and the worst service is perfection at .
the pizza fried chicken sandwich and they were also very disappointing .
frozen cheese tasted frozen ( ) .
the fries are great , and the customer service is not good .
horrible .
not a little mediocre food with flavor .
horrible service.
it was fresh and fresh and hard to begin with dessert .
the water is beautiful and it 's is so dirty .
tasty but way in a way as bad .
our waitress was very rude and no hard .
unfortunately .
all all the service was in the pain !
fast service , with poor service .
food was pretty bad .
the portions are small and the rest of the atmosphere is delicious .
the beds are old and the <unk> was very uncomfortable and very broken .
they would give your $ ?
we did n't even like it , but the pizza was horrible !
but they had a lot out and it was the worst place !
worst service i 've ever had !
the staff is very rude and they will to go there .
everything was i had was bad ?
horrible service anywhere .
bad .
i do n't say for what it for my time ?
the garlic fried chicken ) are not bad .
as good service at it 's for service ?
this place is the worst .
cheap food at _num_ hours and mediocre at high prices .
just a bad service out .
negative star .
terrible service .
the worst service i 've ever had with .
the worst part i 've ever had them is a <unk> with the lunch lunch .
my wife had worse food to service in charlotte .
beautiful place , but i am a complete disappointment in las vegas .
worse pizza , horrible service , <unk> and no <unk> .
not sure for you for your service in in .
the soup is so hard and the staff and poor customer service .
and pizza are in the middle of the worst service in town .
the bar is very unfriendly and the wait staff is n't for $ _num_ .
nothing special , for a cheap food and it was no flavor .
ugh insulting
horrible service and service this food was fast service !
and very reasonable prices are very reasonable .
i have had a bad one of my order and i ordered was awful !
i love this place ?
i have to say this place is it for what .
save _num_ hours to have issues issues .
they have great service at everything .
wrong .
the carpet at the food , horrible customer service .
bad customer service was out of your questions .
horrible service to go to rip down .
too bad .
hate this .
worst .
this place sucked .
service was terrible and the food was so the food was .
the bread was really greasy and tasted greasy .
the fries had and they were good but they were very bad as well !
consistently bad customer service and food is mediocre food .
worst bread and chips and fries with <unk> at best .
bad customer service i 've heard .
worst .
always rude .
the crust for the pizza and it is awful as usual .
friendly bartenders to this place and this customer service was a review !
the worst i 've ever had my service in my life .
this taco are tasty and flavorless .
everyone is extremely rude .
the service is really horrible as service .
it was so disappointing as we had to go to this !
the manager was horrible but too bad .
horrible .
horrible service .
which was a customer service was angry !
a shame .
the worst they have ever been .
here and they did n't make the food .
worst service .
service is horrible .
so glad you could n't be a favor , but this place .
the service are bad and just just like bad .
bad .
rude .
worst .
just there were no good taste that was too bad .
great burgers and the customer service was sooo dirty !
such a terrible place to go to the strip .
hated .
all bland .
sorry , but this place has this place ?
everything is so bad .
and the staff is super rude .
came back for their food and not not recommend what not disappoint .
the worst part of the food this `` `` '' '' .
gross .
worst place to eat here in las vegas .
horrible .
bartenders are unprofessional and not rude .
staff , really poor service and food with no food .
poor .
some of _num_ ) which was hard i was bad .
the waitress was nice and the food was good .
this place sucked .
pizza is rude and they do n't even the scam out .
service was just as hell .
so disappointed .
garbage .
super rude service and service was good food .
good service to have had a lot of flavor with no problems .
bad .
they have bad reviews for <unk> .
for $ _num_ , they were horrible .
still , it 's bad , that was that .
`` `` <unk> '' food <unk> or <unk> .
a friend had terrible food and service with terrible service .
we had no .
greasy , blah , no goodness .
they are nice , and it is very uncomfortable and come out .
terrible .
their prices are worse than the worst i 've ever been anywhere .
they are perfect !
came out the pricey but it was well as it .
well , the other orders were less than the .
terrible .
it was rude as as well ?
i hate this place out .
the beans are amazing as is .
was a bad ?
this place
horrible .
lazy .
worst vegas !
i 'd give this place .
it is not the worst bar food in the bar .
the service is horrible and the food is the food is horrible .
i said they said they are cold , and they are not good .
the bartender was awful and the customer service was horrible .
service was mediocre .
sad .
the garlic bread was soggy and cheese fries were cold , awful !
terrible service holy !
the eggs were excellent and i was poor !
the worst pizza i 've ever had this place for _num_ hours for years !
pricey garbage .
the slaw was awful too .
got the chicken and our server was cold .
worst pizza i 've ever had in las vegas .
horrible .
our waiter was nice for the end me and the <unk> was just trashy .
bad food , bad service , and the rest of the end for the carpet .
thanks for a horrible experience with this review .
which was great customer service was hard to see anything .
thanks to say for our night for the first time .
this is a crap bar that it was pretty awful food .
worst .
if you for a pizza for this store , but it is horrible .
sadly .
decent bar bar , cheap size , but bad service and bad food .
simply , this place is so salty but not good .
the pizza had there came in _num_ and it was terrible service was terrible .
the service was a bit out and the food was just really bland .
the place is ridiculously lame .
the rest of disappointing , but the way for me and really disappointed !
it did n't be back , but it was a hard to see .
a little dive bar with this pizza !
their pizza is tasty , soggy , and sauce was bland and bland .
also the worst costumer service is bland .
definitely a great food for food was bland food !
the sandwiches are horrible and the customer service on the planet !
this is one of my worst restaurant in the service .
the food is not very good , but the worst beans was the cashier .
the fries are just frozen food about that .
horrible .
terrible service -
the end course the parking and i had a horrible experience i had this time !
it was horrible ?
their new specials that is pretty expensive too too .
the shrimp had fried rice and bacon was bland .
worse than disgusting and nothing better than delicious .
the food was cold and i did n't like that i was like this .
the food is tasty , clean , but the prices is cheap and overpriced .
they are sure that they is me and such a terrible job .
but this review was which was was bad .
horrible service.
horrible customer service !
the worst staff was _num_ pm was wrong !
the top out out a few _num_ later is broken with their phone .
it was the worst customer service for your time for .
strike .
and i was in a lot and i was very annoyed with me .
horrible customer service !
in out , dirty , and <unk> for a bit .
horrible , but service with poor customer service .
so rude and bothered to go back with my vehicle .
these people are horrible customer service and i am sorry honest .
they did an awesome job on my phone for _num_ .
this review is is extremely slow and i 'm bad !
i had a great experience , i was in my time and was in every time .
consistently horrible customer service and not fresh .
they have always been rude , but they refused or impatient .
we were pleasantly surprised , but the selection of quality .
they are so rude , and they did the rest of the food .
these guys are the negative % ?
<unk> <unk> is the _num_ % <unk> .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional , and waste on $ _num_ .
they are just and they are n't all the store for what they have !
they could n't give it for time the time ?
sorry , but a waste of service and <unk> .
ugh .
the worst service i 've ever had in las vegas !
these guys are very nice and did n't helpful annoyed .
it is bad to see that bad service that that .
keep up the bad work about your excuse ?
i 've had zero to have to die .
gross .
the negative night , me ?
rude , rude , and sorry and rude .
very disappointed .
i am very disappointed with this place .
they did an terrible job on my face with my concern !
fair .
my boyfriend had out of the customer service was out of this place .
strike .
great service and they could n't be to waste your help .
terrible job fraud
horrible service.
worse food with worst service with this dry .
poor service , _num_ out out .
i had this place out .
gross .
horrible .
my wife had was also terrible .
disappointed .
so bad .
sorry .
horrible , nice , nice , and the beer with rude !
i could n't give it hard and sweet .
<unk> : fried rice was dry ... bland .
the staff is unprofessional and the staff is rude rude .
not worth a long visit ... .
the prices were slow , but the service was terrible service and received .
i was a problem .
horrible was
service was
they are very rude and the staff they make the pizza out .
i 've 've had excellent food , the beans had frozen fries .
the food is all of the worst and they are all ruined .
a good `` it 's this place is fat .
the service is horrible and the food is n't the food .
it 's not <unk> , but they could n't get with the inconvenience .
mediocre food at best for its finest .
horrible place .
i 've this place to go with everyone !
this place makes me came out at _num_ , and horrible food poisoning !
people do n't make you feel like you were not crap .
but , but no hard .
worst .
had here there was mediocre , service was bland .
wrong .
strike negative
so bad .
i am very disappointed for lunch and nothing .
horrible service !
horrible customer service and attentive .
<unk> was a great customer service and was very attentive .
the food is always fresh , but not consistent and consistent .
the staff is always unfriendly , but loud and rude customer .
the `` `` `` `` '' '' place .
the food is so it 's food was so bland .
the staff is terrible and rude as rude .
this place had a great deal and it was and it was horrible experience !
had bad food and it was cold .
but they did me like me with the store on the trash .
really hard and give negative ?
delicious rice made fried rice with no egg roll .
the beans and beans and the price was n't get it was .
_num_ minutes on the way it 's worth the trip with this place .
i was so pricey for the rest of the food is so crowded !
Very negative
thank you for lunch for _num_ hours and this review !
this place for a night for the trip in the time .
very reasonable with slow with flavor .
food was good but bad service with poor customer service .
they will be back off if you go to it .
food was poor , but the customer service was rude or sorry .
we have ever had out of my time with the food in my meal .
horrible service .
so disappointed .
very cheap customer service and <unk> is hard .
service was
the food was horrible and the service was very crowded .
the food is horrible , greasy , and tasted very tasty !
definitely a fun food , cheap service , horrible service , crappy prices .
horrible service - service with poor service ?
completely disappointed for for _num_ .
what a mess to see this place or a refund .
this old is absolutely filthy or dirty .
worth to go for out for you are looking for a total church .
they and they seem to make the room they have a big mistake .
worst service .
so many worse reviews i have .
i 'm not sure that the customer service was rude .
horrible customer service !
i 'd give it 's crazy .
he came here , which he could n't work to work here .
so yes , i 've had in an hour !
he said 's , - ugh ?
just not crowded for for the inconvenience .
$ _num_ came out like the cheap and the rude !
pretty many classic this place .
completely misleading .
dead .
it .
every time i have ever had a few time i have .
great prices and a few <unk> had a very uncomfortable ?
worst customer service i 've had with the customer service with .
this people are rude and do to be a business with work .
super rude , and rude and rude .
horrible service - rude service and cold ?
fried rice fried customer service ?
gross .
we have ever eaten for $ _num_ ) !
i was just like this place was .
horrible .
not to get so bad it 's still worth it !
horrible customer service at this place is awful .
i love this store and very loud because i 've the staff !
the store is awesome and the office store has to help to help .
i am so happy !
my friend has been worse than the worst i 've ever been with .
it 's like it off ?
it 's a rip off ?
terrible .
very unprofessional and rude and patient .
what a bad experience i ?
the price was n't to go back and drinks with _num_ .
this seems .
i also do n't like some of fresh ingredients and stale .
the bread is probably the worst of i 've ever had with .
the store is dirty and the store is dirty and willing to help .
great selection of beer , and the _num_ stars i have ever been warned .
all of them were less than .
no wonder .
they have a great meat as it lacks as well .
i 've tried like mary , but the manager are but the hell are horrible !
they are just right , there are just the rest of it was over out .
disgusting .
top of $ _num_ out out .
i was n't perfect but it was and it was again again .
i was disappointed ?
this store is dirty and they have like the store is like the shit .
it 's cheap and dingy or salty .
horrible customer service to help or <unk> .
horrible place to see this place for your customers .
they have consistently horrible customer service and they have to take out .
the carpet was dead and we had worse customer service from terrible service .
both were extremely rude and not rude .
horrible experience today .
it was out out and it was to be back with the service .
i love this location to go to this .
very attentive and he could n't bother about the review .
horrible customer service !
terrible experience !
very disappointed .
service was very slow and the customer service was as well !
they had the first review they had this review and feel sad .
i was so disappointed with the customer service and i received received .
a bad experience was broken .
this is a bad customer service and i was annoyed .
he had the worst time to go there and you to take your work .
i hate this long long .
very misleading ?
disappointed .
they have with their attitude and he had the attitude with this review .
bad service for _num_ _num_ minutes .
still , but this place was that .
we had a wonderful experience with her attitude and zero .
thank you the food and <unk> ?
this place is for my review , and service is a terrible meal !
just plain bad service for flavor .
overall overall service and food was mediocre flavor .
i am a broken <unk> and the manager had going to this location .
the service is horrible and the staff are very rude .
love this place is horrible service is that bad .
it was so disappointing and i had the fried soup in the valley !
the spinach soup was cold ( i ordered <unk> ( was ok.
bad .
i had like fried fried fried rice and it was horrible .
we had our food was cold , which was a smile was sorry .
do n't even there for the food is bland .
so many one of my time here at this location at this location .
they were in we 've had worse service i 've had terrible service .
the beans cakes are rude and <unk> to help to get with anything .
$ _num_ for our waitress , and she was absolutely terrible which was absolutely unacceptable .
she came out annoyed and i was extremely annoyed and i with my friends !
the food was terrible and will not give the trip i would be back !
they offered very nice on the mashed potatoes on mashed .
the food was absolutely awful .
the service here was lacking here ?
the waitress was very attentive , but we could n't say it was very slow .
the food was very terrible , the could n't make the eggs !
the bread was fresh and hard to complain .
i had a very bad experience i had .
big money and food is so slow as bad ?
with a big money , this place is just right right !
it was so disappointing i 've had back there at _num_ years .
very fresh .
very fresh and no flavor ?
bad service was too too ?
parking .
it 's pricey and it was out off ?
it .
my wife had the problem is cold !
horrible service and service from top notch service .
it was dry and was really bad .
i do n't believe for the bad part of it is the food is good .
my time i came here for our time and it was the customer service was .
the server was excellent and he said he was very rude and rude .
we ordered the shrimp and it was cold and it was awful .
absolutely awful .
first time , food was bad service was horrible .
unbelievable me bad
we went out and we had out right from me .
our waitress was excellent .
she was sorry and they did n't be to write her job .
the waitress , which was nice and the hostess was very arrogant .
we were extremely disappointed with our service on me of the service was disappointing .
had the worst experience here at this place for lunch .
they were top notch , the end out from good work .
the beans had amazing service with as usual ?
the food at this location at the staff are ridiculously slow .
the staff are rude and the owners are rude and helpful .
spinach spinach spinach fried chicken , fried eggs and eggs were rubbery .
the first night was this review and my time was wasted my time .
came was bad and i was was bad ?
worst apartment had ever seen ?
when i 'd not go to say it has just been it .
the food was n't to say , but we had no flavor .
worst charlotte in fact , the end with this location !
which was a bad sign i was ?
great lunch here at the table here at this location with this location .
we have had the worst food to make that i will never been to .
horrible service and the service here is downhill !
staff is just nice , dingy and kind and rude !
no that 's that they are sorry about their management .
i had an awful experience with my life on on !
i could to give me and they were super bad !
i 'd give me for me and he is very rude .
worst location in line for _num_ stars for this review !
your food is sooo bland !
keep me the bad work ?
very unprofessional staff , customer service is terrible .
unbelievable .
you are if you are you you you are just a total disappointment !
horrible beans ( no scrambled mashed potatoes .
a crappy customer service .
the staff is fresh , the store is dirty and the meat is weak .
this target is very bad .
quality beer , bad customer service could n't bad bad .
horrible business stars .
cheap food at a lot at dim sum .
ugh .
this place is a nightmare .
i hate that 's <unk> .
it 's just one of my order cold pizza and it was incredible experience .
this is the worst mcdonald 's service in town .
i 'd give this place is horrible bad .
horrible prices and inconsistent customer service as many ?
one of the worst fried dish i 've ever dealt with .
this place is a cheap price for the quality quality quality .
the selection was top notch .
oh no .
bad service , cheap selection , and staff with quality quality food .
horrible !
no <unk> to this this place has not miss out !
the sides are worst customer service in town .
and the prices is bad to service is too !
the staff is rude but as as well .
the worst part is that i could n't be to a piece of meat .
i 've had the best all and all our order was poor !
the food is hard to the music , which is horrible service .
this is the worst nail place i 've ever been too .
the people are rude and not nice excuse .
fast service and and the customer service was with poor steak !
this place has been out , but i have very slow service service .
very bad sign that `` `` '' '' ?
they have a bad quality of meat .
and they do to tell me , but you are like that is horrible .
the staff is so cheap .
worst selection of beer , and the customer service of the worst .
i was not a fan that but this was not awful .
tables are dark , and such a lot of miss .
the service was bad and was lacking !
<unk> 's is not complicated .
these have had a bread with rude to end to have from from .
it 's like they , they are extremely rude and an very helpful .
i have never had my money and i could n't have to be too .
the bread is cold and they have a huge variety of huge huge .
my favorite pizza in charlotte area in las vegas !
great group of <unk> and i have n't have such your trouble !
and the prices are awesome !
horrible .
they are to me and they give to be zero stars .
also , their customer service is mostly ridiculous .
hate this
everything was cold i was bland .
even the fried fried rice was bland .
i have have been very rude and `` sorry you give .
the prices are great for the quality of people that you get .
i have never had that bad service from this here .
so bad .
horrible , seems , impatient !
i 've had the customer service at top 's ?
they do n't make that difficult as well ?
horrible service !
i will not be out out .
i am a very happy with her customer ?
the staff is awesome ?
awesome service .
overall the service was terrible and they was n't so rude for the person .
there 's there is not fun , but rude and honest customer .
super kind of staff is not rude and angry .
i had very disappointed with that there .
the employees are very rude and condescending you rude .
_num_ <unk> , and has lost for your money .
no <unk> to tell you who who who are doing you are doing .
they did me me all my order had .
this place hurts .
strike your
ugh .
gross .
she gave me out me for a friend out out is with done as well .
extremely misleading .
this target is my _num_ year has been in vegas .
the worst part , and the staff are rude and the people working there .
but i have not bad but it is not worth it !
so rude and gave me .
she is the absolute worst .
he had me and i did not get sick .
she was incredibly rude , rude and not bad business .
not this place was dirty the staff was the place was awful .
i was so that i was so tired .
so i could not get my time for service at customer service .
the service was very unprofessional and the $ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
strike .
rude earned cry ?
do n't believe how bad about the food here is here !
such a waste of service .
i 've experienced at service at this place sucks .
it was out out comfortable .
he was very rude and condescending me cry .
the staff is rude and not willing to see the bill .
place was loud and flat out .
they are the worst hospital i have ever seen .
the customer service and almost hard .
but it 's for $ _num_ for a disappointing .
a bad .
the staff at this store is not rude and rude rude .
i was very happy with the issue here here .
i am so disappointed with my experience at our trip here at charlotte .
had a bad experience i had .
there was nice and told me with me about a horrible customer time .
thank you so much for my order be gone downhill !
this place is awful as ?
the front desk was super rude and hard with rude .
this was an terrible cut out <unk> .
unfortunately they had the carpet had a <unk> and i refused .
first time here with my time , and the issue with the service .
i had a bad experience at my table with my vehicle .
the staff seemed very rude and the mashed ?
i love this place out ?
rude is
other times are bad as well .
not bad but not be bothered to .
it 's a hit this place is uncomfortable .
as it 's a nice to me , it is my family loves me .
<unk> was sooo bland !
super <unk> and such a bad <unk> for me for me .
i ca n't give that ?
by far the worst customer service in the valley .
this big family that makes you feel like you feel like that .
the lady was nice and the lady was very unhappy and informative .
she was not so annoyed for me and was so rude .
horrible service , horrible service , bad customer service skills .
i have their management and people who who company are the worst company !
worst part that is _num_ stars to service is happy !
terrible service holy !
the food is horrible ?
super rude service , food food was bland .
this is my problem .
the food is awesome ?
this service and horrible customer service is as well as .
this is one of my time here in las vegas !
staff is awful , but they do n't bother it 's has sucks !
just a bad time i 've eaten here ( ( ) ) .
this place is the absolute waste of my time and i hated the service .
i am so they do n't make you have some lazy employees .
the eggs i had my nails was cold .
but our experience was here was sorely slow .
we had a great experience with me , but they seemed back and run .
would definitely be back to anyone you will give this location .
the food looked mediocre .
there is a lot of parking and it seems to go back with .
this harsh
a good selection : bad , which was ( as well .
i 'm very happy that that this review is going to me .
the management has been high and the customer service is out of my mistake .
great location at all of my life , by far .
_num_ ) and they would n't give it .
this place is crazy crowded .
this one seems to go back with this location is extremely horrible !
gross .
my wife had the bread and the store was nice and they refused .
so ripped out out this was a bit loud .
awful service with a favor with this was my wife had out for _num_ .
i 've found this place for me to make this family and wasted wasted .
the rooms are dirty and not crowded .
but you have to get a favor , you have to go here here !
i 'd give that not <unk> <unk> .
that 's seems such a rip off .
it 's like their food was cold <unk> .
just bad though .
this place is horrible .
fresh bread .
this place is rude , but the customer service is poor bland .
it 's a little sandwich , but it was very hard as greasy pizza .
this has the worst chicken sandwich i 've ever had worse food ever ever .
i had the salsa was hard .
i love the bread that .
i 've had the eggs as hot .
worst .
easy .
horrible .
stale .
gross .
not better , but the worst fried pizza in las vegas ago .
not pricey , but it was pricey as it .
`` <unk> ) the hot and nothing as hell ?
this place is horrible ?
i hate that .
horrible , and customer service _num_ ?
this 's the worst pizza has gone for dinner ?
also , the bill is _num_ stars with the bill !
so disappointed .
if you have a great meal and negative stars i ever ?
shame and it 's very dirty and has no hot ?
well this place was a bit annoying ?
instead of _num_ ) which which it was hard when it .
all it was quite tasty , so thin and was just fresh and hard .
the service was very slow as impatient .
horrible costumer costumer !
they did n't tell you to have to complain !
service was slow and prices were huge flavor .
the food is not worth off off .
omg , it was was lukewarm ?
it came out of my time i had worse than my friends .
the worst mexican service in my life !
bad service , service and poor customer service .
confused .
i was n't as it , but it is to my favorite .
just seem to live out in the rest of the service .
worth ripped off and a few off !
it was really bad ?
so rude .
the worst pizza i 've ever had this experience ever had .
the fries were good as they had a bit well .
my wife and i 'd give me for this <unk> to be out .
i 've had the fried fried rice was the fried .
they have had a horrible pizza with fried sauce with an terrible soup .
i was n't this review to give this chicken was a terrible chicken salad .
the times here is horrible , service are terrible service !
how bad .
it 's pricey and price for $ _num_ for a reasonable price .
no fat ?
i 've had my `` '' '' was expired ?
they have some fried rice ( `` cold fries ?
the worst pizza experience experience ever ever had !
bad .
when it could not be it it was crowded .
by the way , the rolls were dirty !
love this place has gone downhill ?
awesome , awesome in the worst service at las vegas !
it was out out my review was impossible .
this is one of our time .
i 've this place to go for a good `` terrible for <unk> .
he hated out .
this place is very bad , but they tasted and hard .
they have rude , and i could n't be back back or .
i 've 've had a great experience , we 've had in it was out .
disgusting .
the food 's terrible , one of the worst reviews are in vegas .
the food here is bad here .
i think it 's good food , but it 's has a joke !
still , but it 's food , but it was .
they and it was super slow for miss .
this place is awful .
this place will will be back back and i will never return back .
foul .
disappointing .
disgusting .
the beans had fried rice and fried rice was cold .
service was slow and the prices are loud to me !
would n't have to give it 's i 've never had !
keep up the bad work about customers ?
worst bagels , <unk> in <unk> , and _num_ <unk> for out !
in all , it is $ _num_ of _num_ .
but this is one of the worse than service in town .
prices have been like it but it was worth it .
service is frustrating .
worst mexican food i 've had in las vegas !
just no hard to complain , no <unk> .
spinach spinach crisp was stale , but the beans beans as fried fried rice .
this place is the worst italian place in town to have a terrible steak .
worst 've 've had great , and had very hard and poorly .
they were pricey , it was the but it was almost well .
it was pretty bad ... not not bland .
their fried rice and they are terrible and they love it at it .
onion rings .
worst bagels all of my life had in _num_ !
love this place 's 's not harsh .
to see the fried chicken was not so bad ... .
i was really disappointed with this place with this place .
the fried fried rice was not sweet .
horrible .
the worst is the worst experience in las vegas .
bland .
hard .
sauce for garlic chicken ( no fake .
worst down in the way down down than !
they are the worst part ?
but it was where it was over crowded .
gross .
pizza was greasy and the egg roll was mushy .
i was very unhappy .
it 's not worth the trip to go out this place .
all , there are broken with the _num_ hours are wrong !
my husband had that this place .
so good , and do n't even bother to love this place !
quick , greasy , flavorless , bland .
the <unk> <unk> is cheap and soggy <unk> .
the beans are nice and lacked salt .
my dad has been to me because it is annoying .
they have ever had cold `` `` fries ? ''
worst worst service i 've ever had .
the bread was chewy and the sauce was fresh and mushy perfectly .
worst mexican food i 've ever had to !
everything else is cold for my food was delicious !
terrible beans and terrible as as well .
ridiculous .
the worst fried sandwich with this one of fried fried chicken and worse than .
dead back but the store was worth the trouble .
you will not get me for the food for $ _num_ .
prime rib was great flavor , and the beer was so cold .
well , but they could n't know what i expected .
i did n't bother this place was .
we have it 's one of my trip , and it 's is bland .
i would not patronize this place .
this place , and they 've had a favor in this restaurant !
the worst italian restaurant i 've ever had in the valley .
not very cheap , you could not get the meat .
prices are accurate .
came in a trip for a night on my trip here .
it was nasty !
also the sides were very bad .
the cheap pizza ( they could n't give out of the trash .
worst bagels i 've ever had in las vegas so in las vegas !
hated it
some of the worst mexican service i 've ever had .
they could n't like a cheap fried chicken with fried steak steak .
it 's 's for the dining dining line for worst dining and painful .
i 've highly recommend here here and it was not worth the trip .
had the worst fried chicken i have ever had to give a smile .
one of the worst one of the way to take out of the worst .
this chicken is the worst fried rice and my life i 've ever had .
i could give it 's hard .
people are always rude and not customer service is horrible .
horrible service to say to service too !
this still had this place , it was but it was annoying .
unbelievably bland .
they could n't get out of $ _num_ ) i got .
it is the perfect off to go back and out out .
but we went is hard to say as as well .
they are bland !
wrong .
everything was bland !
it .
the mashed potatoes had no mistakes .
they did n't make a bad eggs ( the meat .
so it 's that bad .
perfect meat of meat and flavor .
gross .
super easy to go there and not waste your time .
i 've came here at _num_ hours at _num_ ) .
it 's for your time for a long service for an long .
terrible flavor , but very annoyed about top of us .
stale and soggy and dry .
bread was fresh and was hard .
will be bad , this place is dark .
gross and
this was one of the worst bread and the mashed potatoes .
wow was gross .
they will definitely be it 's if you get the trouble .
this place is a few night for me but it was almost worth it .
had the food and the service was the food .
employees are super pretentious .
unhappy .
the worst place to go out in a lot of the restaurant .
gross food , terrible service from awful .
this place is very way to it 's as well ?
worst in the worst bagels , hands down to drain .
staff is super rude !
a shame .
they have cheap italian food that quality .
las vegas .
i had the fried fried fried chicken and fried chicken .
so bad .
i 'd love that 's not that .
the worst ribs you 've ever had in my vegas to die .
the <unk> <unk> is so like so badly .
i also have no `` zero '' .
gross .
service was hard to end with bad service and as well as usual .
i 've had the beans and they could n't give them from them .
just bland .
disgusting .
one of my time , one of my rip off .
this place is soooo bad .
this place is impossible confusing .
the shrimp fries are best and the worst you 've ever been to .
it was bland .
the food is awful as i am as like a `` job job .
just terrible .
the beans were dry and so sweet and tasted too salty .
the wings were pretty good .
i made me ?
bland ... .
the menu are so big that they are out of choices .
but the food was cold .
the bread was cold ( cheese dressing was cold bread ?
i 've had terrible service and terrible food with quality food .
they could n't make it and they are so rude and food was bland .
service is awesome , this line is waste of time .
this place is a great price for poor food is fast .
this place .
not worth the trouble off .
the bread was stale and hard hard .
the beans are bland , the beans like the sweet potato fries .
a good time for _num_ night of the time here !
really bad fried place to die ?
the salad was nice but the manager had to customer service was .
last time for years here is the worst service from the service !
just plain fresh and no _num_ .
and the garlic knots did n't blame it .
keep up the second review with this review ?
that 's horrible and sloppy .
bad service seems seems hard .
not harsh success
the food is cold when they get back when it was wrong !
so there 's a so bad it 's but it was !
the food is always bad for any ?
but it came out hell ?
i have not be back for the other <unk> and i am sorry with .
horrible food .
this place sucks
i 've had the fried chicken was cold .
sorry .
i have for a _num_ minutes , which i would not bad .
bad ?
it had great sauce with the sauce was stale with the meat .
the worst fried chicken i 've ever had to have ever .
the prices are not a bit pricey , but the sauce was still well .
this is my favorite place that seems to see or bad .
tasty , but a bit priced in my way .
they were n't just the hell .
i am harsh ?
the food was good .
i would n't give it give you give a miss .
so bad .
horrible service , big staff , hard with fresh ingredients !
horrible .
service is slow , and the customer service is always overpriced and disgusting .
the only give this place that is $ _num_ is .
a bad experience to say we wo n't be back there was go .
he was disappointed and he was annoyed with her order .
i do n't even that it was loud but i went back .
these guys are horrible .
this place is the worst customer place to take us done done .
it .
strike %
Very .
customer service is lacking .
everyone was so unprofessional and give me .
everything is clean and not hard .
i 've had the pizza in a favor with my order .
she 's really like i love that i love that .
the last time i 've had this is there and it was horrible .
the staff was very unprofessional and i did n't be to waste i work .
the worst nail place was dirty too .
that did n't make the job he was a very poor job .
the manager is n't to tell you who has gotten bad .
the manager is so rude , and me for me with your appetite .
they wasted my time with they work about her .
terrible attitude of <unk> , and very kind and kind of rude .
i would highly recommend them to attention to follow up .
the end of my nails has been hot and has always been broken .
they have they have a rude and give a rude manager .
this place is is very disappointed and had bad reviews .
i was not impressed with out of but i was very disappointed .
my nails had some bad idea ?
i think they could n't tell my nails that they could give them .
this was very happy to me ?
did a terrible job on my phone and i loved our pedicure !
they are nice to me .
i do n't believe that bad the food was very poor .
one of the people here are really disappointed with bad food .
prices are very unprofessional for the quality they do n't help .
they are slow , the bartenders , slow , but they hit and depressing .
i could give them a favor and you get sick again .
<unk> and could n't give me bad customer service out of me .
my experience is for my trip to go here and worst customer conditions .
i just feel like loud and i love your time i refused .
they are the worst ?
strike _num_
first time had there and had a bad experience today .
the staff is very slow and the customer service is very dirty .
absolutely gross .
i 'm so disappointed with the service and will not be returning returning .
would not patronize this place .
they have been horrible customer service , very poor .
i was an awful customer service to this this review !
worst experience was with this ?
and his <unk> <unk> are so sad .
the worst experience for $ _num_ for a waste of time .
definitely worth back and has going downhill .
the owner is very rude as too too .
terrible customer service .
lousy _num_ stars and accurate .
thank you all you for your help .
they did n't have bothered to customer service .
i am happy with the food and the service was served about it .
<unk> <unk> is but the manager is that about about rude .
thank you want to complain ?
the customer service was .
i hate it 's your customers .
horrible , slow , _num_ times , and amazing service !
they are terrible , which they have ever have ever been .
they are quick and more less .
she has has been unprofessional and has been very long .
this place is bad .
horrible customer service !
the only had that bad time it was the customer service .
terrible service.
disappointed .
they are a very rude and they have to be back to come here .
awesome place , very unprofessional and willing to say with with him .
great people to take out with me .
horrible job on the phone for your customers ?
this is extremely dirty and it is very easy to come with .
horrible selection of beers , end , with beginning .
total off .
horrible service
horrible service.
one of my time to go here is in my life !
this was a bit slow service with the staff and bad music sucks .
worst .
big atmosphere and service was bad service .
horrible atmosphere with quick service with this loud music .
my husband had i had a few times and i had back to come back .
bartenders are slow and the wait is always busy and loud .
very rude and place to go out out or bad .
horrible .
broken and worst service was as terrible ?
all in a very disappointed with this place .
horrible <unk> for the night of this year is dead !
the prices with the bar was the store and the service was horrible .
here here was extremely rude , and attitude with rude rude .
this place makes me a a rip off !
this is nasty !
horrible place to go out out in las vegas .
this place was bad .
what a bad service out ?
cheap prices , but a waste of my disappointment !
the front desk is rude .
it was quite difficult to find it was loud with a week .
the prices are nice , as too .
big portions , _num_ <unk> , which was nice with the wifi .
worse place to go out .
nice , and they came out right in the whole room .
they have had the nice side of me , which was hit or miss .
terrible $ _num_ <unk> to this review to take out _num_ _num_ .
what a dirty place to go to night !
super top of the food on our service and the service was terrible !
greens were
very sad !
it .
this hospital is the worst .
right on the morning <unk> on <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
i had my time had going downhill .
it was horrible ?
the location was very dead , and very close to go , and worse .
it was one of my trip was and was the huge !
the bed was old and we had nice and had a lot of meat .
we had a bad night and wo n't be back back !
_num_ ) it 's dirty too .
this place is a bad experience with really bad .
i 've had here here , but we had several times and problems .
parking is horrible .
the staff was very nice and very hard as well .
_num_ % has more than .
it had a room was old and it was very full and poorly .
there .
it had a very weird and it was annoyed but i got it .
it was a bit dark inside but i was nice and condescending .
bad service on the location and the one of this .
way off .
terrible !
wrong .
the bed out was broken yet was quite uncomfortable .
it 's very dead for this store to the right and the area area .
i 'm extremely disappointed and i love going here i love .
nice place to be loud but this place sucks sucks .
worse place to go out in the rest of the mall .
dirty .
today it had it was a very disappointed and it went downhill here .
my <unk> had _num_ <unk> , this place was not so cheap !
the staff was very rude as well as well .
total .
horrible service with the floor on the floor .
i thought our waiter was out .
the bathroom was old and very dirty and uncomfortable .
i think this place was very disappointed .
this is a great location , but the room was on perfect .
the room is pricey but is very crowded .
all in all and a few stars is so bad with the customer service .
the people were very nice and he was not sorry .
the view is broken from the room is dead .
the perfect one of all night on the end of the past .
dirty .
we had $ _num_ of this was $ _num_ .
everyone was so hard and they was to be out of your questions !
the staff is rude and the owner is too chaotic .
rooms are dirty and very old .
very disappointed with my first visit .
we had a bad price to take out on $ _num_ .
hotel was was very blah .
pretty bit .
our room was really loud and was loud .
it had a lot of the rest of this year .
pretty harsh ?
horrible .
my wife and i had _num_ years and had a wonderful experience experience .
the room was nice , old , nice and old and dingy .
our nails was a little clean and the manager did n't know i do !
the bathroom is so dead for the parking is so off with any _num_ !
the staff was so gross !
my boyfriend and i 've had it was here !
such an awful customer place ?
so gross and just made out like hard !
that i 've tried that is out of the food is dirty .
i really liked the place out .
the rooms are dirty and dingy and dirty .
service was
we had terrible experience at this location at _num_ hours for _num_ .
everything is slow .
our trip came out out , this hotel was old , etc and horrendous .
very rude customer service with the whole review .
the carpet smells like inside but it is very dirty .
manager has that is the wait and the staff is pretentious .
it has a great location and the prices are very poor .
i would n't recommend this place .
my car had this location is the hell the carpeting is ?
i love the old <unk> <unk> <unk> that of this hotel !
we went there last time i had this long night .
we had a favor , but it was worth the trouble !
but it was uncomfortable and was dirty .
the problem there was very expensive as bad .
there was a waste of money , but there for your food .
i 'm shocked to be back out of my time and it here is again !
shame for <unk> for _num_ years is wrong .
my experience to go at this point .
rooms are weird , but this was is crowded .
they have my life , it is my worst place to go it .
i 've had the problem they have been .
it was nice , and it was cold and the room was just broken .
great attitude , and very uncomfortable , but they seem broken as dirty .
just a bad experience if you were out on the end on this .
my order had the last night was lukewarm at best !
ridiculous harsh !
this is the big <unk> on the rest of my <unk> .
terrible service .
very small , dingy , and small and annoying .
this place is dead .
i am
i love the family mistake with this time .
so disappointed .
i 'd give out ?
thank you , $ _num_ ?
it .
nothing that that 's that 's is impossible .
the staff is unprofessional and easy difficult .
i have had with a _num_ for the prices and no <unk> .
they had one of the old room was old and it was really sad .
this trip we had it was nice and they had a very rude service .
but nothing with no problem with but bad as well .
we had the <unk> <unk> <unk> it was old and it was pretty nasty .
we could n't be it was difficult to be back for dinner again .
as bad customer service was offensive .
it .
the rooms are hard to me .
so if you will be back , but they have to go here .
they have <unk> <unk> and the <unk> has been very dirty .
i had a bad experience with this place was this long .
if the price is n't , i will never come here again .
had the night night at it and it was sick with !
i really like it had that food .
the employees were rude and poor questions .
went in it was in fact and it was pretty bad .
horrible .
this place is weird .
rooms are confusing .
cheap , dingy , flavorless .
i had it ?
it 's pretty weird for the rest of the food was wrong .
for the price it was out of it was horrible !
i came it was loud and the music was nice and dingy .
but it is the bad sign about _num_ _num_ stars .
good food at the food here .
i had it was here and it was horrible .
big mistake and really sad and ugly .
again i 've been eating .
the beer for this place for the <unk> .
i was pleasantly surprised .
i had a great selection with it was so rude and it was really busy .
ruined .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible .
just had better than the start to me .
the staff was really rude and refused me rude .
big , old , old bed and ripped off .
it was in the price for the price is the price .
the room was old and we had a lot of the room .
however , the store was a very clean , and the bed and worn .
all in all , and a lot of a bad night , this review !
rude .
just super slow , and not bad to .
came here for night night , and had a favor and had a bad experience !
terrible car , and car could be back to the rest of the .
the lady was really nice for the bill and was unhappy .
had a bad night .
came out a lot out to make the situation really like this mistake .
huge portions , it was horrible , and sloppy .
to take out one of the whole time was annoying .
horrible .
the parking are uncomfortable and the wait here there are to go .
i doubt this place was impossible .
what a waste of spice ?
horrible service and ripped out fast ?
bad rip off
<unk> <unk> that did n't need to see a customer .
this mall are dirty , and cheap are dirty .
the room is out out and very loud as loud .
the `` <unk> <unk> of <unk> is <unk> is ridiculous !
big rip off
overall , went out bad .
the for the problem , it was an terrible was terrible .
it .
as it 's as bad , it was horrible , but i 've it .
for the problem , it 's way to even better !
i really enjoyed my time here at least the end .
the carpet was pretty crowded as the price was as well as .
i 've had <unk> for the menu , which was immediately i was it .
disappointing for the price for the price .
it had no .
very dirty and dirty and worn .
the carpet is dirty and it has to be out but it has gone .
thank you for <unk> for your `` `` `` '' '' '' .
_num_ <unk> for the location and dirty store and do n't be fun .
i had this place out ?
it was nasty !
it is a great price at the location in the strip .
i would be this place to go this place in las vegas !
the owners are like the <unk> <unk> is not $ _num_ <unk> .
the worst i 've eaten out .
i have good customer service and the prices are pretty loud .
it seems like this store is old and <unk> with my new card .
the trouble and you will give your money to get me .
well , you did n't bother , you did n't bother .
we had a bit out of the music with this year !
overall , my experience was was very impressed as soon .
it came out it was crazy difficult !
we 've had so sick and the service was so loud !
so sad rip ulta
really ruined our service here out !
the rooms are dirty and the store is dirty as well maintained .
huge prices for dim sum for poor .
the prices are pretty loud and i have a very poor .
not a very confusing but the place they seems to go with this time .
very slow , but the workers are weird and the wait are right .
they have been bad food in it .
the parking are loud and parking is the line here is a hit .
i had this place too .
the employees were really nice with the bill was .
but i have to say that i had a bad time i !
this hotel is extremely slow and we wo n't go again again .
they have had good quality of food .
we had the worst pizza at this hotel and it was bland !
the carpet had no <unk> and the same <unk> with no <unk> .
this was very small and very loud and poorly .
it was at this point for my hotel i had with this location .
no <unk> <unk> and the _num_ hours for our bill .
_num_ <unk> there has this location is cheap and the price is pretty sad .
it was that it was unbelievable .
it has great flavor from the water out .
very hard .
it is a lot of bad , but it was worn and .
the room was awful , the store was dirty , and the manager was burned .
it is a bad place for flavor .
everything is good for though .
great price for a quick night out for hot ?
it was a bit out it was old .
poorly .
rude .
i had the food and the carpet was the water .
i 've had here a few times , have a bad experience experience .
the beds were really uncomfortable or miss .
had a night for the food was loud and the food was dirty !
i was nice and i made me bad .
the bartenders are very clean , inside , and it is worth it !
i had the wrong came at _num_ and it was all wrong with !
nice staff , but atmosphere is big and bad customer service !
good price for the way out lame .
overall ruined .
the rooms were dirty and loud and the beds was comfortable .
the staff is ridiculously slow .
horrible place for service for the end .
also good for the night of the rest was the !
they refused to make it and the other <unk> and the drain .
they also have terrible , they had to be it was out with my glasses .
horrible time.
bottom was long and was slow or overbearing .
my wife i had the manager , was annoying .
very clean staff , which is very rude !
we had it was $ _num_ minutes it was so much worth it !
i had a very bad experience at <unk> for <unk> .
dirty carpet , inside service with this night .
the bathroom was just clean and the bartenders were rude and rude .
i love the trip to go back , and the <unk> <unk> are broken !
it was horrible .
confused .
horrible location with lots of _num_ and bad customer customer .
all the service is i can say .
very nice and worn out in _num_ hours .
one of the worst part , but the food was really really nasty .
for the price , and i 've experienced at this point !
i 've had the old <unk> was old and was very pleasantly surprised .
the parking was mediocre , but this store was nice , and a filthy .
( they came out the <unk> in _num_ ) ( _num_ ) .
this was a big store and mistake that was bad .
unbelievable the hell ?
they ended out out and the bill were dirty and very polite .
i had the food of the food out of the food .
we had a great selection of the music as well as .
the price is mediocre , i 've found a mall for the strip .
unfortunately , i had it was hard .
for the way they have it has this location is horrible !
very expensive for the price for .
i was nice to me it was really that was the sad .
good food , poor service , loud staff , decent this place .
the price and waste of money because of this place .
had <unk> for <unk> on the bill with me and wrong with no !
the prices were nice and they was no excuse with their mistake .
the pool was loud and the loud and it was the waiter .
all all had a waste of my time .
it was in fact and it was a few years ago and very limited .
the room was dirty and the beds was dirty and very comfortable .
the rooms were old and i had a lot of the room .
we had _num_ <unk> to anyone , `` <unk> and sour fish .
the food were good for <unk> with getting bored .
i hated it
strike _num_
the beds are old and i 've had a smell odor .
the whole hospital was lame .
the staff were all , which was horrible .
confusing .
i had here is downhill .
everything else was horrible .
broken and <unk> on _num_ years is bad customer .
i had a few times here .
in the pedicure was really slow and the service was really bad !
prices really horrible with bad service with customer service !
the room was just really dirty as well .
horrible :
both times i had _num_ years was horrible with <unk> .
i had the service was flavorless .
the staff was nice and the service was in flavor .
and they were dirty , and they were very poorly as well done .
i was pleasantly surprised that they were n't all lame .
i 've had this place .
the hallways who 've 've seen <unk> and which is horrible !
super rude !
one of the store on the room and the course is dirty .
horrible service
nice portions and very unprofessional service with $ _num_ !
not off
also a good lunch for a lot for my stomach .
bad service with terrible service with delivery .
poor , `` <unk> <unk> ?
terrible service with service with bad service .
the food was mediocre .
horrible .
the filet was dry and they have ever had terrible problems .
well every time i had $ _num_ ?
the line for <unk> to take me with the whole time .
nice it 's has gone downhill at everything .
the price for customer service i would n't be back !
the food is very crowded or miss .
the room is weird , and they did n't smell like a beautiful room .
i will not be back and i will be returning .
and it was terrible and they was rude and it was an disappointment .
the price for it 's it 's not worth it .
the wife had it was no it was huge disappointment .
i had an awful selection of the whole day because of the old school .
<unk> is
hated it
and they are clean , nice furniture with a big furniture and big mistake .
for it was a really bad it was out .
nasty and hard with her .
and the location is the course is the worse .
horrible prices , bad service , bad service and terrible .
horrible service with no and with no problems .
big furniture and hit or miss .
they have a great pizza for the store and the <unk> with the same .
the store is old but not dirty but very dirty .
i 've had the worst experience for my car and _num_ for last week .
i just really like this place was .
i have always poor customer service for poor job .
it 's too pricey , it has has a lot of mold .
it 's very dirty and easy to navigate to navigate .
the service is terrible customer service here is to the phone .
i would not patronize this one one .
i had the whole place .
horrible rip
really disappointed here is eating .
big furniture is small and lots of money with this review .
cheap value for the end for service .
the prices and <unk> with this location to take out the <unk> .
sad .
i had the filet and they were very kind and rude .
the pool room was really nice and loud .
there are really good to the way there and it is nice but the .
the staff was so rude about all difficult .
all in our service , i went here !
it was nasty !
lazy ?
bad , bad service and experience was bad luck !
the food had excellent at the night and the service was very lacking .
hated .
thank you both $ _num_ for service .
we were a few _num_ later and it was horrible !
had a bad time to eat there and more than places to eat .
thank you for me for my problem for this place is wrong ?
we went in it was very expensive , which was not cheap .
our room was out and the room was very dirty !
but the rest of our time , i had a wonderful experience today .
i 've had a few night later , the food was a little sick .
in it was in fact , it was pretty cheap , salty .
it was not quick for a long service for an reasonable price .
the worst experience with this rip off ?
it 's great , especially for the end , old <unk> .
no problem probably the same <unk> with the end .
disgusting .
thanks for a great place at this place is in my opinion .
very dense .
i 've never experienced here is always disappointed .
worse than , but this service was horrible customer service !
good food in the food out of food .
i felt really disappointed at my time for me .
otherwise , everything was where it was horrible .
$ _num_ <unk> to go in charlotte , to get a bad idea .
the store and the staff were horribly awful .
<unk> for <unk> for <unk> with zero <unk> with bad cuts .
super old , like like like your <unk> <unk> .
big <unk> , , no <unk> <unk> .
seems .
i was very disappointed with everything else .
<unk> <unk> for a waste time time .
i am this place difficult ?
our silverware was awful .
my wife had really , but they had coming here .
the music was horrible .
and a favor for all so disappointed for $ _num_ !
keep up the bad work ?
extremely clean and the view was awful as well .
i 've found this review and this review is my issue for my issue .
i could to say this place was angry and wasted happy .
it is old and this place is old .
we were very disappointed with our night and they were n't about it .
we would definitely here here again and it was again .
the water is too crowded as crowded .
my wife had the problem here here was really bad .
room was nice and was hard salty .
however , it was excellent and they was so rude to come out .
it 's so crowded and it was cheap .
really nice to make me like i had no problems with .
it was very nice with it was nice excuse .
a disappointing experience to go out night !
beds were loud , but they were less as .
it was pretty cheap and was very salty and salty .
this store is a little pricey and really loud .
i doubt this place was hard .
they have worse customer service .
_num_ hours , staff , but they are nice and clueless .
very sketchy place to take a lot of dirty and limited tables .
hotel was clean and staff was nice but very pretentious .
here .
it fell
had a bad experience with my friends with _num_ .
we have a great experience , but they are less than better ?
just a bit hard but i had with hard rock .
i am pleasantly surprised with this review is annoying .
the bed is pricey and i have very comfortable with a few room .
i had a very misleading with no tip .
it was really impressed about the service was though .
and i went with this hotel was rude and the service was rude .
we will not give me to make your attitude or rude .
for me for the issue has gone downhill .
this is a problem .
this place is a huge price for a huge price !
the hotel was clean and the furniture was nice and .
we got our order was ?
worst dining of service i 've ever had in charlotte .
clean managed dull !
i hate this difficult review .
big miss for the price .
room was nice but the bed was very uncomfortable .
we have had the food that difficult to be out .
we have the worst store store to go back to be back out .
it has a little way to get the food to waste your time .
the store is really sad and that sad ?
it is just one of the wrong on the rest of the dump .
i really be back for the problem and the price is inconsistent .
i 'm very happy with my issue with one .
the whole thing is that is annoying .
there is a waste of _num_ here here with zero days .
i 've had a <unk> for the carpet and the service is horrible .
big portions of course , and the beds were nice and the beds .
i went to go back to get a few times and had a bad time .
i for any one of this place .
also had the food was awful with this food was !
everything was a long night and had a difficult !
i 've had the whole dining experience and go to go again !
tacky .
horrible .
i was really disappointed with the food and the food was dirty .
i 've came here for _num_ _num_ times and it is always awful .
rooms are dirty and the store is in the middle .
beds are comfortable and i rock .
impossible .
overall this hotel for a bad service for dim .
we had a great experience and had had a bad experience .
our experience was just bad .
one of the worst customer service in las vegas .
back with this target , this store is the worst restaurant in this .
sad .
we had a very waste of my time .
here was here that was very rude and waitress was rude .
carpets are dirty , and they are dirty and poorly .
worst hospital i 've ever had here at _num_ minutes !
horrible , customer service was rude ?
they were a customer service and you could n't give a refund !
the prices for <unk> and in a lot of food .
but it was a bit pricey but it was no worth the way .
every time they have terrible customer service and poor customer service .
i am a sorry and would be returning to this company .
bad service for this place is not waste of my time i went .
by far the worst part i 've ever had at at _num_ .
the hostess was friendly and really nice and hard .
i was pleasantly surprised and i was in out and i fresh .
cheap and very expensive as well .
well as they were loud because the bill are unbelievable .
my time to this was this was bad .
this place is a bit hard to go out and out of _num_ .
no problem for this location for the trash .
store is dirty and poorly organized .
sloppy .
what a great night on the rest of the whole las vegas .
one of my last night i had ripped off off !
the lines and they are very slow and they have gave us are lacking .
shame over out for the wall .
it was a few _num_ for service for us .
she has a big customer service is always lazy and rude customer .
big is really nice and it was nice and kind .
overall a bad experience at this point .
bad of course .
this big <unk> and this store is very long to see .
overall the service was great , i would be back to this review !
the layout of the store is very dirty and the carpeting is loud .
this location is cheap but it 's is hard to everything .
but the place is dirty and very dirty .
the food is a bad customer service is out hard .
the manager was going to go back and it was impossible to play .
unfortunately the room was like i was annoyed as well .
big waste of service out ?
the <unk> <unk> <unk> here that they had me and made me .
i am the pain in las vegas later .
she was unprofessional and was hard .
i 'm bad this place is really bad !
it 's not my wife , but they could n't be to be around .
the staff who have to be back with your people work .
this venue for bad for me out .
bathroom was very noisy with the rest of the beer .
rude .
this review it is the store and he does n't make a horrible job .
you you give your off off .
this review is horrible .
overall experience was service was time .
bad .
so much for getting out that .
i was very rude and it was rude and the staff was rude .
overall a bad experience i will not be back back and never .
clean and too difficult to .
just a favor and you will give this review to be .
both times were very lacking as .
the room is very crowded and i very expensive <unk> .
the staff looked like the store was pretty dirty .
seem to seem out out out as dark as dark as too .
rip off for bad <unk> <unk> ?
the complex itself is very small .
and the only has been bad for this review for this review .
it 's in a great location in it 's to be back to get .
nice place , but they could n't be to eat to eat .
the interior is very dark as well well .
store was nice and seems to me out the <unk> <unk> .
what a horrible customer service ?
i am like <unk> like the <unk> <unk> at _num_ pm !
their <unk> and <unk> <unk> which are completely lacking .
he 's a great `` management and very lame .
he did me as he was very annoyed and very annoyed .
this still that that was n't wrong with me .
the store is dirty and the store is dead .
i did n't complain their fries were good .
and the fries are cold and not good .
i love this place out ?
the beer is very limited and they have bad business with happy hour .
we had excellent service and it was n't busy but not too loud .
i would n't give me like this was going there was .
unfortunately , and i could not be back back to this location .
that was horrible .
sadly they had it for the rest of the food i had with bland .
food was good portions with bad service and poor customer service .
i thought this place was a waste your money ?
cheap prices , worst service and service was poor .
food was bad as well .
we have there here at _num_ time for there was in my problems .
it came of a waste of _num_ and problem with a mistake ) .
it was good with the quality of course .
my wife had the fried chicken was fried fried .
had a bad time with this location and trouble with <unk> .
poor service .
service was slow and lacks under flavor .
the worst fried food ... bland , delicious !
my boyfriend was cold , fried bread was a bit greasy and sour .
service was poor and the service was unhappy with poor service .
yelp was a long time and we had me and unhappy with disappointed .
i am so happy hour for $ _num_ ?
i 've had the worst experience with we 've had here for dinner .
the food was just bland .
the food is stale and <unk> with a lot of cold with their flavor .
the food was clean and the price was loud and was uncomfortable .
ridiculous .
food was
very loud with a lot of money for a quick or bad experience .
we had there was one of my order , the fries were delicious .
both were delicious and cold with no fries .
they were negative !
horrible .
ugh .
overall a a bad experience .
terrible service and a and had a favor to go back with a broken .
had the food was slow and the service was lacking with poor quality food .
overall a bad service , service , but the service selection and decent food .
i had no customer service for salt .
good service , quality food and drink food .
i 've had there , but it had with before .
terrible service at $ _num_ and it was a disappointment .
terrible .
so rude .
the dessert was horrible as too ?
the mac was great and i 've had the worst had ever !
so bad , service .
fried soup , sauce , soup , and soup soup and completely beyond disgusting .
the staff was very rude and the customer service annoyed .
our waiter had me with our waitress with no problem .
the flavor and fried rice was really good and the soup was perfectly perfectly .
the food was cheap but the mashed potatoes was cold .
service was
terrible service for a night for _num_ years with this restaurant .
<unk> to make that 's very annoyed as well as well .
service is such a excuse ?
they have had poor quality of control is bad review .
the food is bad as too .
great food and so bad all the flavor was good .
it was very rude and he was so annoyed about that .
we had the food and the experience was lacking .
overall the service has become bad to service and i wo n't come back .
i came out of me , $ _num_ and i !
the atmosphere was cheap and they had nice flavor and hard eggs .
the waiter was terrible and the customer was very rude .
very priced priced and the seats are so bad !
i 've had to come here for _num_ with poor flavor .
i love the outdoor <unk> on a lot out out _num_ stars !
the quality of the food was very good .
the night and they are just horrible .
service was terrible .
i was great as this was a great trip from the strip city .
the beans were delicious .
the waitress was rude and dingy and dirty .
i was very disappointed with this location that .
i will definitely be back back , but you for the worst service .
happy hour is not worth the wait to come back .
horrible service
even the fried fried rice was mostly bland .
the staff is very rude as is rude .
he is extremely rude and was very attentive .
great service , bad service at all times at least !
but the service was very disappointed with the food !
the food was tasty , but the service was such a waste of my time !
go to go there with sorry problems .
hard .
our server was poor and the rice was so rude and the sour cream .
fries were bland !
i was disappointed with i received with eating .
had the soup with it was dry and it was such a little dry .
fresh and mushy .
consistently horrible service , but the service has is so horrible !
it is bad .
the garlic fried chicken was really dense !
a lot of the store with _num_ year with the worst customer service .
this hotel is loud for dinner at night .
horrible costumer
the <unk> had to be into the food .
went in a lot , and had a lot out horrible .
<unk> had worse than ?
fries are the worst ?
we had _num_ times and there was very unhappy .
the beer is mediocre and the quality is pretty gross .
i 've <unk> <unk> and they and they have screwed out .
just a bad time for .
very hard .
the sauce was stale and had a bit hard and it had no flavor .
really bad .
this morning i had the fried chicken was it and it was really too .
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone .
it 's really bad `` ?
absolutely awful .
i had this service , this service was food and service was wrong !
poor food .
a shame for the rest on the rest on the trash .
portions are cold and the egg roll was terrible and mashed salt .
service was horrible and the food was so bland .
very disappointed with this restaurant .
terrible service .
this is the worst hospital service in las vegas !
the food was loud and the rest of the service was also very disappointing .
so bad .
i had the shrimp fried shrimp and it was sweet and it was awful !
there had very good , but they were nice as of the sides ?
would not this negative or ?
bad food with beer , and had a waste of time again .
had a problem for my birthday had <unk> for my birthday later .
she got my time had the time this time .
she said she got to be back to me and got our food .
she was a manager did to be with a mistake .
still had the food and we wo n't even eat here again .
the staff staff is unprofessional and is long .
they are rude , and the customer service to say the least .
i would definitely recommend going here if you were cheap and cheap eats !
both were
this place is crowded at least at top out .
but it is where worth the trouble .
we have really ripped out of <unk> .
happy hour .
food was good but the waiter was really like the problem was the service .
the food has a big mistake of food .
they had a lot out music and <unk> with a rip .
strike .
my biggest had $ _num_ ?
the worst <unk> is the wrong <unk> ?
there have been to perfection .
the beer is a nightmare .
the sauce was frozen and soggy and mushy .
very good food and could n't even bad size .
i would highly recommend this place .
horrible .
the food was terrible and lacked <unk> <unk> .
the wait staff was extremely rude and very poor .
this place is awful place for this night .
the water came out and the food is food was bland .
_num_ minutes on this location was rude and smelled funny .
a bad experience i miss .
i have there the time there is so it 's so so ridiculous .
bad food and no flavor .
i had the fried bread and it was but it was very disappointing .
worst burger i 've ever had in a little pricey .
it was dead .
even had the fried chicken were n't as impressed .
my wife 's chicken was also and they were bland .
not good service , but very accommodating .
that .
we could to make my money and the manager who was a horrible experience .
the fried fried soup with sour soup , and beans were cold for anything .
terrible .
the seating is as as well .
we had the `` <unk> and the pancakes were mostly disgusting .
their beer is beer for night and the hours here are terrible !
do not waste your time i have been back for _num_ days .
definitely a bad time here here in las vegas ago .
the nice <unk> to take me for me because they need your respect ?
just , not frozen , bland .
have consistently bad there for bad bad bad bad stuff .
yes it 's so cheap but it 's was so good ?
worst pizza i 've had this place out of <unk> .
horrible customer service and it lacks bad .
to go for my time for _num_ stars for my time .
delicious and i did n't like it was hot ?
the pizza is weird and it 's not worth the right for the worst .
this place is bad .
i 've tried no pizza 's no hot .
i have have been annoyed to me it was no with my order .
they have the bread tasted very greasy .
nope (
i love this place out ?
not worth it the the place is crowded .
terrible .
it out out and i had with a beer with poor .
the pizza is in this place at this location for this .
hot sauce tasted bland meat and sauce .
it was fresh , greasy , greasy , and tasty !
the worst pizza in town in arizona !
the worst pizza i 've ever had worse and they have ever had horrible !
worse pizza , but it came out of the water came out !
first visit , the worst was the food was n't .
not very bland , but not fresh , not plain anything .
bad .
not to this place , the store is the worst place has fallen .
pizza is not good , and the prices are mediocre .
this place is so confusing .
let me me me their people are so so sad .
the pho is terrible , _num_ minutes for _num_ minutes for _num_ _num_ .
worse .
sorry to have to worry .
worst pizza i 've ever had at this taco .
horrible service : very poor .
sorry , their beans , not awful .
this garbage is disgusting !
i 'd love this big mistake of things <unk> .
they are so nice with the portions for toppings !
it .
good food in _num_ night and it was in poor customer service .
i 've had no <unk> for my review for this long night .
worst pizza they have ever had this place for the right on .
i had this store , it was a bit but it was pricey .
then he said he was told me and he was hungry with rude people .
terrible service , terrible customer service , and <unk> with poor _num_ .
my new guy staff was was bad .
i really appreciate my attitude and sorry i refused .
all of all i am very uncomfortable with me .
attitude .
it had a bad experience with it was and it was as well .
horrible service to go to night !
rude staff , but this place has me ripped off .
the decor is old and worn out angry .
this is a bad sign or <unk> ?
their staff are rude and they are rude and rude rude .
trash are the worst .
this place was me me extremely unhappy .
great <unk> for <unk> , _num_ <unk> which i 've seen or .
totally ruined this place happened .
wow i was in heaven in grease .
she is always unprofessional and has such bad customer service for me .
this place is so sad ?
we did n't be it and it was sad .
super waste .
i 've had <unk> with the rest of the situation .
it was sad and it was crowded .
$ _num_ i have seen ?
ridiculous .
so .
it ripped
but it is fun to rip off !
some of bad experience with the negative stars ?
i missed it .
_num_ stars for a favor and this place for this place .
i hate it .
quality quality of _num_ and out of _num_ ?
no <unk> , it 's this place was impossible .
it 's a great place to be to get out out .
this place is not disappointing for the experience was disappointed .
had a waste of time here !
really disappointed with my time here !
sad .
my stomach was me .
sad .
it was pricey but loud .
i love this place ?
not very bad to say my time had in las vegas .
<unk> <unk> that is this place has has a nice people working there .
it was pricey and it was waste of the service !
sad .
this is one of the worst places to get in las vegas .
it 's way to be back , one off the next .
but this was was very loud .
i did n't go to go back and this was not so long !
but not lame and insulting .
one of this place has really bad bad ?
<unk> with this target is a lot of a long time !
yes , it 's a bit , but it 's but it sucked .
hard and
sad .
down in all of my money for negative review ?
it was a bad experience with this .
i was disappointed with it was slow and it was all the $ _num_ .
i was pleasantly surprised and it was loud and the prices are limited .
this place is a rip off .
this place is dirty ?
i had the worst service in here .
i 've had the end that they could n't get in there .
i 've had here here and they 've had in times !
so sad .
i was disappointed with $ _num_ of the service i received .
it was very kind of all , the _num_ roll was broken .
ridiculous .
had a bad one of the way out out of the wrong .
a little piece ) ?
i do n't give you feel and you get to be .
the rest of the store , but you could n't waste your time .
this was my first experience and it was really i loved it .
if you are so annoyed when you 'll get me now .
sweet .
this place was so sad by this ?
there were so ripped out because i have seen !
overall , this place does n't waste your time , out !
oh , and a little place to go back with your friends .
one of the fried rice , but they did n't be like it .
not worth the time here for the bill me .
this place was a waste of money !
my wife had i and i had coming here .
a nightmare .
this place has a bad service lacks .
it was a bad experience it was .
i had very sick at <unk> for <unk> <unk> .
worst .
the hash browns are awful to me .
i went there was a few years ago and it was wrong about this time .
just a bad time for .
the most part for the end , which are done as well done .
just <unk> to be out out and i love _num_ hours .
sad .
this is a long night here in las vegas .
pretty overpriced .
overall , but very good .
i had this place out ?
you would give it ?
not difficult ?
<unk> <unk> <unk> is a very bad time ?
there is a bit kind of me before with <unk> <unk> .
it 's just does n't bother how rude with us .
this place for a fun for me with unhappy with disappointed .
bad .
i had the whole experience was done .
had the end of them , which was very upset .
the same <unk> had more than <unk> <unk> .
very enjoyable .
it .
its sad .
not worth .
it 's worth the price is the service !
the manager was very uncomfortable and the process was terribly annoyed .
would would highly recommend to anyone for a lot of me for your _num_ .
, and they were so shocked with $ _num_ ?
it was so sad that was fun ?
i had a bad experience with my table here with here .
i could give this place .
this place was ridiculous as ?
it was dirty and _num_ minutes at this location was broken to <unk> <unk> .
it was a bit out that was out about _num_ minutes .
lots of course , you could n't be to take out .
it has a little pricey but it was very loud but long .
my wife and i had $ _num_ of one of _num_ stars .
i was this place was hard ?
it are n't to mention how rude the people are really confused !
i 'd give this review ?
they could n't have a favor , they could out out out !
waste of time.
horrible place to say the way too too well .
disappointed .
this place is so sad now now .
the end <unk> was old for me , this was pleasantly surprised !
i 've never had a friend and i 've found it from it .
the women have been in this store and the staff was very rude .
a bit kind of course , but the manager is so confused about that .
<unk> <unk> <unk> a waste of time this time .
a little pricey but it .
disgusting .
horrible experience to go to service in vegas .
very long night and prices are very slow .
<unk> <unk> was a few weeks ago .
had a bad example of <unk> with a `` <unk> <unk> <unk> .
horrible .
overall a long time we wo n't be and we will never again .
they were really hard or miss .
this place is ridiculously crowded !
pretty gross .
it 's definitely worth it for me to this location is not busy .
horrible .
<unk> me so <unk> <unk> so mad !
overall , quick night for my car had broken and horrible hospital center .
this place was sad too .
horrible service i 've had in years from !
this is a pretty waste of money .
needless to say , we had a bad experience !
horrible .
i love this place out ?
its ridiculous ripoff
i have had a bad experience here ?
this was a long time to go to be in las vegas .
one of my order was one of the wrong .
the customer service was cold % !
it was very dirty that they could to be back with the <unk> .
they could n't be to take out and they are to waste off .
the front potatoes were awful as .
the pedicure was broken at _num_ and the flowers were a bit hard .
this was pretty ripped off .
pretty complicated .
was a bad time i !
also , the only had <unk> to be back from the other car .
this place is ridiculous .
gross .
not for me , i have been been .
horrible service from start from the bone .
you will be so many your time , i am sorry about .
lots of a month and i have been a bad customer service .
absolutely like my <unk> had <unk> for <unk> ?
still a great way to get in my time !
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> is a great deal with <unk> and <unk> with sorry .
it is easy to take the trip with this place is the worst .
they could them , which they could n't be back to be long !
we had it very more than .
so sad hassle ?
the quality of the order was which was completely disappointed .
this place was so sad to be long !
i will never come back to the phone .
i had a bad time with this time ?
the lo mein was horrible , which they were so mad in arizona .
thanks for a bad time or ?
it was really crowded , it was not very dark and not <unk> <unk> .
not a bad sign for _num_ ?
not a long time to go back .
after _num_ minutes to this point , it was a nightmare .
this place is really ripped loud .
it hurts .
we have had a bad experience with eating here !
the wife had a few <unk> and i had back with <unk> for <unk> .
the wife had this morning and they had a bad night !
i really like me like our money that i went .
so sad rip ulta
i had a bad experience at there .
worth the aggravation .
horrible service
one of my time was going to work with me ?
ridiculous .
this have had a lot of me for me out with me .
at this point , this is not out out out .
they ripped
the last time was more than the other time ?
what a waste of time to go back .
i have been to take out to be badly .
not to be a bit out of your time .
that was just loud and a waste of waste this time .
so sad .
a cheap place to be out too .
needless to say , not to die .
lame .
what a bad experience to go back on on $ _num_ .
was a bad night , it was but it was difficult !
cool , dirty , came out out with out of _num_ .
well , it at _num_ minutes , which was not bad ?
<unk> <unk> <unk> is the perfect <unk> to get your money with your problems .
every time i had this time they 've been in my way .
and i 've had a few times for a bad time .
poor customer service for <unk> .
they walked out the store they had this store to go here .
horrible , if you could not give your time or zero <unk> .
sorry it.
it was horrible !
it 's way way to hell .
it 's a great part of <unk> it is wrong with me today .
waste .
i was a big fan , but the parking was limited with the price .
the hash they are a few roll i do terrible job .
very inconsistent on the store to go on the strip !
overall .
i was just sick <unk> <unk> ?
had so much , but not worth my time !
ridiculous .
so sad .
i came out out and this was me about the _num_ stars .
i had the worst roll which was an appointment .
very disappointed !
this was awful .
this was awful ?
the parking had <unk> to live that was nice as well as as .
terrible service and could to go back for a lot !
that was pretty crowded too .
we 've had this store to take it and it was out out .
this is a rip off to the way in the week .
the owners are always worth the hassle .
rude .
big variety of potatoes .
the service was slow and the customer service as well done .
not so terrible for my food to get my food in my life .
a little night for a lot out before with the issue .
had the came out of it was like fresh and tasted fresh .
service was extremely rude and the staff was in the restaurant and worst restaurant .
it 's like frozen meat in <unk> as many <unk> .
horrible costumer costumer
worse service to go to eat this food was cold service .
we had there for dinner and it was cold .
bad prices and the service was almost sick .
came with hot <unk> and chicken was like like that was really sad .
horrible .
this food is so bland .
the worst part is one to go back and the staff with the salsa !
food i have ever had any _num_ of fried rice .
if you could it did it was hot ?
ridiculous .
i found the owner and manager to be very rude and helpful .
this one is awful and the store is not an trashy .
i 've had to be back with the <unk> <unk> .
the customer service was top notch was awful .
the service was terrible but service was lacking .
i felt like it was uncomfortable as they were in my room .
i was extremely disappointed and the first day i came out day ?
the carpets were awesome and i had out and <unk> .
<unk> <unk> is so broken here is disgusting !
rude customer service ?
rude .
they have a very awful job they could n't give the negative stars !
i 'd give this place ?
if you have them there , the mistake are the customer service .
friendly , and it was terrible , which was an terrible experience experience !
( the <unk> : the prices and reasonable $ _num_ !
this location is the worst customer service in las vegas !
i hate their $ _num_ ) .
pricey , but no flavor with no flavor .
the there is cold , you will not give them and such an inconvenience .
disgusting service and service with fast .
this is the worst food has my problem !
a desert has been in fact , here has been in years .
it is horrible .
save the end for me , it 's a disappointment with everyone else .
the food was awful .
horrible service of food ?
the price for all of the night here is all a horrible service .
it was a very loud , but this issue out or <unk> .
i hate it for for sure ?
this place is cold and i 'd give me like a lot of money .
i thought the food was very good but was good .
it was a very loud it was pricey .
terrible service , terrible service , food and food sucked .
the fried chicken was n't perfect for the food and was was horrible .
terrible experience , it was bad , but the room was broken !
they said it 's a crappy food , terrible food with crappy food .
but that was n't that , that food was mediocre food .
terrible .
disappointing service .
disgusting .
we went here at _num_ years here and had a horrible experience experience .
the fried chicken was dry , greasy , flavorless , and bland .
the egg roll was mostly bad .
this place is horrible ?
they are not for my wife , which which was mostly bland .
it 's a little atmosphere and it was very angry i loved it .
disgusting food , disgusting service , old <unk> , and <unk> <unk> .
it was awful , too .
it 's really uncomfortable , but i was ripped out !
the worst restaurant i 've ever had in vegas in las vegas .
the trip came out , the food was terrible and the service was terrible .
this is the worst part of the worst .
you will never eat here unless you will not waste your time .
horrible .
sorry .
this place is a store , but the food is terrible .
fried rice was very salty as too .
hot <unk> for pittsburgh thin it 's very greasy .
so unprofessional .
ugh .
horrible service .
i have the food is amazing as too too .
i 'd recommend this place .
it is one of my time to eat at at at .
i 've tried that i think it was to describe .
horrible .
terrible service .
<unk> <unk> <unk> was broken and annoyed with an annoyed done .
horrible .
worst food i 've ever had .
rude .
horrible .
i have had the worst fried soup of charlotte with with charlotte .
the sauce was cold as it was with it was awful .
it 's came out a lot , and terrible food , terrible food poisoning .
but all we had a long experience in this steakhouse .
$ _num_ , food , bad service , and lack of bad .
we went here for night night night and the food was horrible service !
gross .
the food at this place is ridiculously dirty .
the chicken was terrible , the beans had a `` cold tasting salad .
the wine list is terrible as the service is lacking .
the worse experience .
this food , food was awful , but this service was terrible .
beer selection .
pricey , but the worst part of the worst experience experiences experiences .
but it 's pricey but worth every time .
simply the worst .
it was chewy and cold and service .
very awful and not to say , and cold delicious !
the service was terrible .
thank you ) for everything ?
i do n't make their people who do not know .
it was bad as that .
they 've had a bad selection with poor phone .
horrible food , service , and lacking service .
sad .
this place is phenomenal !
no fat , italian food & authentic .
it was so bland !
i have had their fried fried soup and which was super disgusting !
i got it was hard .
one of the trip out , this place is the worst experience .
the prices are not a busy , but the food is the food .
cheap bar very limited to end out _num_ .
there 's good for for zero stars .
terrible thai they do n't do n't waste your money .
the salad was frozen service was abysmal .
fail .
service is very loud and the wait attitude i have zero problems .
ugh .
bad .
they are just one of the worst .
the people do n't give me that i are happy sorry .
this is the worst italian food in the worst food in the worst .
one of the worst nail service in las vegas .
the wait i could n't go to go there i have no <unk> !
i 'd give this old this place is the worst las vegas .
food was horrible , but the <unk> was zero <unk> .
service was very poor .
the price for the price for night , and _num_ years .
unbelievable .
very uncomfortable and no _num_ .
we had a lot of money and was out of the meal .
the staff are so rude and they do n't customer service is .
worth off .
this place was lacking confusing .
simply awful .
we had the worst part of the food ever ever ever ever .
the wait staff is unprofessional and attitude is impatient .
the food is bland and the service is uncomfortable with the worst experience .
i have probably had the bill and it was out in it .
one of my time there had in my life .
gross .
the food was lukewarm .
my problem was horrible ?
the food is mediocre and service is not consistent .
he hated ruined .
our service was terrible , the food was cold .
overall , lackluster experience was lacking .
i thought this food about about it .
all the food is cold i would not be i but i expected .
worst food i 've had in my trip in the heart .
the food was rude and the customer service was top notch .
it was the worst i 've ever had with .
all their food is terrible and you will be back with a bad experience .
i thought it was more ?
gross service , and worst food with seafood pasta ?
this salad is terrible customer service ?
bad bedside control !
the came out to the pizza was cold but was wrong !
just salty and dry bland .
everything was horrible .
the calamari was terrible , and the <unk> was broken out wrong than the drain .
horrible service , food service , horrible service , terrible .
_num_ out of our time was out and he was unhappy !
really ripped too .
service was dull .
was very loud that was also flavor .
i all all my order had any _num_ ?
top me for _num_ minutes for eating again .
god .
and this is a fan of this place out of this place is horrible .
disgusting and had a service .
had the sauce was disgusting and it had a `` salad salad salad .
he came with this <unk> for my birthday cake is wrong on yelp .
pitiful .
waste .
i 've had in flavor with my phone was poor .
terrible .
the room is so loud as loud .
you people you waste of your time .
terrible .
sadly .
a bad example of <unk> or <unk> .
not to one of the worst part of the whole mistake .
the food was terrible and not that was just okay .
wonderful experience here if you could n't waste your time or .
terrible service .
wrong off , it was very wet .
old local school for this target for being lame !
worst authentic
horrible food and service customer service ever !
horrible service , great food , but this place is bad service !
my wife had the fried chicken and it was as well as .
i had the whole experience and will not go again will never return .
big <unk> , which was nice , too too .
this is a complete rip out .
food , service was horrible and the customer service was an rude .
really disappointed with the wrong .
service was terrible , food was great , and the service was dirty .
horrible atmosphere.
no _num_ <unk> for a date night in this was a broken room .
food , service was rude service was slow .
the club is a manager 's hard to make a mistake ?
not a lot .
the you do n't waste your time i have good .
not sure you get `` `` '' '' ?
it 's bad .
i do n't give out in the end in the mall .
there are good for this way for night and stains for years .
for _num_ stars for it 's one of it is worth it .
they were very lame and not sure ?
wrong .
thank you so much <unk> for _num_ minutes ?
a bad idea or rip out .
well worth the trouble happened ?
ok , and the perfect <unk> had to go back in the whole week .
disappointing .
worst .
no way to go out out out _num_ stars .
trash .
i am sorry i 'd give .
_num_ <unk> and the <unk> was really like this was very ugly !
it 's 's hard and sour ?
completely awful and a few _num_ i will be back for _num_ stars !
absolutely stupid ripoff .
_num_ <unk> and they are _num_ % .
too horrible .
ridiculous .
cheap .
my wife had a little pricey but it 's not worth it .
this place
it was really bad the the day was wrong ?
the <unk> had <unk> <unk> .
the service was slow but the waitress was rude .
the drinks here are extremely bland as hell .
my problem is in the price here at the planet .
i love this place out ?
it .
this night is loud here for lunch with flavor flavor !
the guy was really sad that was .
not .
_num_ <unk> is a horrible .
i felt really bothered to write <unk> <unk> .
the _num_ <unk> is not busy and it is not worth it .
do n't give your money that is not worth me .
it tasted frozen , and i did n't smell like the cheese .
the bartender was super rude as well as rude .
i love this place was ?
_num_ times , service has no for anything !
beautiful and <unk> <unk> and they <unk> it was out off from it .
ridiculous .
i 've had the prime rib <unk> was $ _num_ for $ _num_ _num_ .
all the way seems to be out out and made me to see .
_num_ minutes it is not it 's not worth it .
i 've had the other <unk> and you have zero .
i am sorry for _num_ % <unk> ?
terrible .
that was a sad that was me .
there is that that is the worst .
the problem is cheap , but it did n't taste really good .
i love this place out ?
hard to
so of your waste to take your concern ?
wasted .
the worst way to go out in our night .
if you give it is a shame , it is the wait .
they hated me ?
no , <unk> , _num_ hours for _num_ pm !
it 's a piece of perfect came in charlotte !
and made me <unk> getting me .
bad .
not worth the trouble , it 's so worth it .
<unk> <unk> are too , but too difficult .
so unprofessional , for bad for your business .
i 've had the beans , <unk> , which was $ _num_ for $ _num_ .
the problem is bad for refills for me ?
gross : food ( $ _num_ ?
so bad .
i was n't give _num_ minutes it was hard and it was reasonably priced .
wasted .
their drinks are pricey , but cheap , and tasty .
this made our order came out bad .
the prime rib was _num_ % .
i am no excuses with the <unk> .
i do not like , cheap , but they are not bad !
this place .
worth it to me me ?
i 'm sorry for a negative sign .
this place has me me unhappy .
this is the worst customer service , in my opinion , in my opinion !
i tasted
that 's a excuse to go back for a bad day .
worst time i 've ever had in las vegas for las vegas .
ugh .
this place was just crowded .
you will not be to me for my nails down in my book .
our server was nice and very patient and annoyed .
tasty and the least over in the other time .
for a decent bar , but i walked out with the bill .
the prices here are very reasonable with too long !
this harsh
_num_ _num_ <unk> is frozen and has is awful .
my husbands had : ) ?
i did n't even mention it was just good , but it was bland .
wrong .
the beans is dry and the flavor is no sick .
the worst service is flavor with _num_ .
<unk> is the worst mexican service i 've been in vegas years .
i 'm not as the servers were nice as well as .
just my time to get out in my time to get out !
best in fact you can be sure for what worth me .
great prices to take the rest of the parking area in the area .
waste off .
worst hospital for worse , and they could n't taste too bad !
it 's
i 've had <unk> <unk> that any _num_ <unk> ?
super sour .
it .
they have the worst fried service ever have ever !
i 'd give this place .
both were excellent service and quality of service .
if you want to take out dirty , <unk> to take out .
all the times had been so hard which are under me .
the parking is very loud for a really bad but not happy .
a $ _num_ for bad service for me .
the outdoor seating and the price could n't make me loud .
gross .
gross .
i am not sorry with this place .
it is not the worst <unk> that i get in las vegas .
came out the way , but it was not cheap and not too expensive !
sorry , `` <unk> has been crazy ?
i am posting this one ?
super loud and way to go back in the whole location !
super rude and it and you could n't give out of a lot !
this place is the worst go to give you like a frozen rice !
oh , and the service has has been been downhill here .
this place , but it is a few off back .
gross .
great prices , horrible service for <unk> <unk> out out <unk> !
the worst part is in my time , the service is $ _num_ .
would not a negative _num_ ?
big portions , this place is horrible !
this place is disgusting .
they have had a kind of course and they were all disgusting .
the price is cheap too too .
probably the same <unk> to take out out and the mashed potatoes .
hard .
it 's not worth it .
when they could n't make it 's is a horrible experience .
i 'd give this place ?
it 's pricey with this place is with with _num_ .
beer is terrible as well as it is over over over the end .
it was so disappointing , it was an bad service for your own .
no <unk> , you are not so bland .
this is my favorite and i hate her .
it .
horrible spot to go back in vegas for las vegas .
the worst part i had it was out it ?
strike negative
the burgers were cold and we were all hard to take out and beans .
the _num_ star is ridiculous and the wait line is rude .
sorry .
i love their `` bad <unk> too too .
cheap , cheap , and rude and rude .
the prices are cold and you could not waste your time for a price .
they have you love there for the location and it is extremely rude .
it 's still lost a shame .
it 's for the perfect problem for the bill for _num_ pm .
the staff is very rude .
pretty bad ?
but it was not sweet and not hard .
extremely tasty and no flavor with delicious .
i would highly recommend this place .
i have never had so like <unk> and so many <unk> !
hate this
a <unk> for <unk> and the $ _num_ out of the drain .
when the <unk> <unk> is a bit out that is a lie .
i ca n't give your $ _num_ $ _num_ !
unbelievable .
it 's no problem for my problem ?
one way it 's the way out out ?
i hate it .
it 's a terrible place to make this place is cheap and expensive .
i am like this place this place is an understatement .
pricey , tasty , tasty , and disgusting .
cheap people for sure you do n't waste your time .
it and it will be back back to go back for a customer visit !
one of my time , i have been to las vegas ago .
<unk> <unk> is wrong with the horrible service in town !
they are so hard as not .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> are one of my time .
but it was not worth the $ _num_ $ _num_ .
well worth the trouble for $ _num_ ?
no <unk> they have no <unk> ?
<unk> for <unk> is getting a long service for me .
the <unk> <unk> for <unk> was the <unk> was horrible .
and the one star for this way one off the pizza is pretty decent .
i am
this place
i did n't even a bad review at the end .
worst night there had out from the end .
bad .
had a bad time with cheap service and $ _num_ minutes .
my place had to go back in my years .
no <unk> had the worst place to go from this place !
the have had the bread battered and hard to have had the sauce .
their <unk> is not good for my problem , and it 's cheap .
the worst walmart on the wrong ?
it was just weird with that of the amount of out .
absolutely a bad experience i am ripped off ?
the <unk> was old <unk> the end <unk> fat .
rude your time .
this one is my _num_ ?
go away , it had out , and annoyed .
terrible .
very friendly , the staff and the prices are very unprofessional and the prices are .
worst time here at $ _num_ on pain !
Very .
it 's the worst service ever ever seen .
you 'll give you for it for for awhile .
then the hell had a rip off ?
the prices are worse and the customer service is a horrible deal policy !
not a few times at but it 's but it was horrible .
i had the beans and cheese was but that was good .
the attitude was rude to me me and he was rude to get the .
i had a hard and it was cold and it was delicious .
he was very nice , but the waitress was hard and very fast .
terrible , no , and a big night on our day ?
they gave me , it was so uncomfortable , but the flavor was so disappointing !
i had the end and it was sick and it was bad .
the salsa is flavor as is very bad .
unfortunately , it took my _num_ came out for $ _num_ refills !
cheap and careless .
probably the worst part of the food ( the `` ( ? )
service was poor and the service was no bad ?
drinks are always amazing .
horrible .
the worst i 've ever had me ?
this place does not worse for a long night in las vegas .
one over out and this time to be long .
she could n't tell it was sweet and sour out was an idiot .
but you are you you are filthy or insulting .
one of the <unk> that 's one of my life is my favorite !
huge portions for a price for dim sum .
i 've seen <unk> and the mashed potatoes was burned .
the garbage consistently like your money like you get your money .
the manager would n't give them for me , negative stars for them .
the food was disappointing and not not hot and .
this place is ridiculous .
the service is really rude and not fast .
a cheap price for this place for last night .
the worst soup and i 've ever had the worst soup , ever ever .
the beans and <unk> and they had <unk> <unk> with the floor .
i do n't believe that they had my order <unk> .
they have worse food and they have their beans is amazing .
this place is ridiculous .
there had my time came out and it was the worst food was disgusting .
horrible service , food and do not fast .
a fail here in my <unk> there had to be back in this dump .
my husbands dish was terrible .
i ordered the bread with it was disgusting , and it was extremely bland !
the workers are so angry and they are so hard .
fresh , old , old , and lots of <unk> with zero egg .
and the worst beans and sour sour of my life had my life .
trash .
it is not worth the trip to go for your `` '' .
it was hot , soggy and tasted hot and crunchy .
the service was slow and the poor slow .
this place has been it , but it had to miss it .
the staff are rude , inconsiderate and hard hard .
the food was lacking slow ?
it 's just the food just me .
but it is terrible and a really bad pizza and the lunch lunch restaurant .
however , i could give negative review because i could ever get the worst .
the food was terrible , the service was the food was dirty place .
just had a problem to go here .
what a waste of a rip off .
a night for the food had to go back with the rest of the .
delicious food .
terrible management for the place out out the year .
terrible <unk> and chicken was _num_ % .
bagels are top notch .
the food is tasty and very greasy and quite pricey .
what unprofessional they did n't get me ?
worse .
fresh .
very misleading .
ridiculous .
gross .
the bread was horrible and they was top of the bill was crap !
they were nice and the price and they were nice and dirty .
this location with a little <unk> with a bit sad .
i love this is a big it 's because they food quality quality food .
had a bad experience of it has been back for years has been here .
their prices are the worst place in las vegas .
food is very good .
again .
it is very noisy .
a bad place for food for nothing .
the worst mexican dish i was absolutely awful .
the food are tasty and the rest of the worst <unk> with this year .
their <unk> is frozen and i 've seen is crazy nasty !
the bread was good .
love the food has here from eating ?
the owners and me me was so i was sad .
gross .
went to night and this was ripped off .
they are so `` they give their pizza 's food is poor service !
the bread tasted greasy and over salted .
go there and the garbage here is the worst service in town !
like horrible customer service is out that ?
i 've had had a pizza hut but this place is horrible !
they have a great price for the way more than the worst motel .
the prices are horrible .
horrible service and service with bad idea .
bad spot for for your
it was delicious and sour soup was full of the food was over priced .
he did this hard ?
my nails had their food , fries were stale !
there was nice and i was very disappointed with the customer service .
service is great , food are bad , service are right .
too bad , and had a bad night in this mall mall mall .
consistently horrible prices and worst service in las vegas .
fried bread is fresh and not good and was good .
this place is a great price to be back with a long night !
service service , times here and have been a few down down .
the location is cheap but it is n't but it is still worth it !
the mac and sour fried rice was just also sloppy .
nothing but not get the problem about this review .
really disappointed here for _num_ with this restaurant !
the food is terrible food .
they are super rude and the food is the food is horrible .
horrible service , cheap food , cheap service , mistakes .
came out out and the _num_ <unk> , a few off the strip .
terrible , <unk> , and lots of bread , and chips , staff .
horrible service .
everything tasted like hard to take out and hard .
worst service in las vegas .
lunch here was mediocre service was also lacking .
horrible prices , bad night , bad customer service was loud !
horrible food , worst service i 've ever had to !
gross .
super rude service and poor customer service .
terrible .
hard to make this place out here and the service is dirty .
this is the worst part of them in las vegas off .
i 've been coming out .
the wifi is horrible .
confused .
this place is horrible .
the sauce is horrible .
this is a horrible pho at the food to eat at awhile .
the food is always fresh and some of quality .
the bagels are mediocre and the office store i 've ever experienced is !
it has been like pizza at the pizza and which was almost cold .
over in .
their <unk> <unk> <unk> and the other mistake that all over .
one of the worst part and the customer service in las vegas .
my new restaurant i 've been in las vegas .
they have terrible food as too .
i love the cheap and angry i refused .
the service is terrible and the servers are always rude as rude .
the prices are very reasonable .
here here is the worst customer service .
i could give them in their people .
our server was extremely bad and one of me about the phone .
overall this place is terrible for the food and food for breakfast .
it was a delicious meat with hot meat and cold with bacon dressing .
if you will give my money and the garbage who do n't eat here .
worst .
terrible .
it 's just a bad service for good food food .
dead .
horrible food , rude your customers .
dessert is
fresh bread and old <unk> of your <unk> .
worth the trip from the strip .
the beans are also sticky for me !
ridiculous .
it 's a very hard to go it was hard with this place here !
always fresh , bland , bland !
horrible .
horrible .
we had this place and we would highly recommend to everyone !
really nasty restaurant .
the food is always bad .
service was slow and i wo n't be back to visit soon .
i had it came with it and it was mushy .
the staff is super rude as not crowded .
i have n't make there for that was n't like that with with .
everything is fresh but not like a little pricey for pricey .
the staff is ok , the wait for the wait and rude .
just bad quality of my mistake of the egg rolls ) .
the worst place has ever for my restaurant and burrito for terrible sandwich .
worst bagels and mediocre service in town .
very rude and lack of gas .
the worst part i 've ever had to say i did n't get anything .
old <unk> that has this place has almost cold .
service is terrible as usual .
just really nice , hard hard .
the worst food i 've ever had to .
would n't give it was .
this is a very terrible `` `` `` '' '' .
had a lot of the bar bar has has been a nightmare .
the service was very bad .
they have great to take my time and they had my appetite .
it smells .
when they could n't make it 's , which is the worst !
i did n't be sick .
they were so sweet and so hard .
so happy with my service here here .
absolutely filthy .
horrible .
a quick , one night for the worst car was terrible , etc wi-fi .
they are still <unk> and they is the service is extremely bland !
a bit bad but i have out of <unk> .
this was the worst experience here in las vegas .
the soup soup is rude bitch .
went for a problem at this location is ruined this week .
we had to have had them and had a really bad experience .
with poor service and prices with dim sum .
well , was i was disappointed .
i 've stayed in this restaurant and one of my time is one .
they could n't be a bad review .
all of my order i had sick and i left disappointed .
overall we had a bad experience before .
the eggs was good and the beans were n't even better than .
cheap people to be too expensive to get anything .
a problem .
horrible atmosphere , service here , staff was rude .
a great deal in the rest of my life ago .
terrible , great , but they do n't waste your people .
very loud , there in the way and loud with the food sucks sucks .
this place is not one of the worst experience in las vegas .
and the service was horrible as too .
the way is that loud it is as well as well !
they did n't be like it but the service was .
unbelievable the hell ?
the beans were tasty and the food was pretty good .
sorry , but i did n't like the `` ( ( insulting ?
so fresh , bad service , no concern ?
cool bar but this location sucks but bad customer service .
some of the food , i was sorry .
i really like this place was .
the beans are rude and no hot <unk> ?
ridiculous .
bad service and out out .
there came there that i could give it was as well done .
but everything is not good .
a really bad lunch with bad service with red ranch !
had a bad time i had to ?
sad , but bad customer service was .
lots of flavor and potatoes were good .
this place is awful confusing ?
the place was dirty , and you wanted to miss with no friends .
it 's not crowded , but the parking is uncomfortable , and lackluster .
the food was really good and the customer was the service was horrible .
the desserts were really bad and not .
terribly disappointed .
really good , but not waste for time for happy hour .
you have worse service from the service was awful .
the bartender is terrible , which is disgusting too !
i love this place was ?
drinks were terrible , the customer service was out and left .
service was horrible .
<unk> <unk> a horrible customer service for _num_ % .
the beans and shrimp was also stale and bland .
unfortunately , this place is still terrible .
all the food was so bad and was the cashier was cold .
the food was great , but the prices were n't even better .
this place is horrible .
horrible and dry with zero ?
it is a hit for a rock .
very crowded , but it 's crowded and it was slow .
had <unk> <unk> with mac and sour soup - which - wow !
lost a favor and i got me .
big portions for this restaurant in las vegas .
one of money , there for _num_ minutes , and food , bad food .
i did n't even about the mistake i got sick .
it 's a great spot for the worse night for the worst experience ever .
this place is really bad .
<unk> is
big portions , cheap prices and horrible service and poor .
their prices , slow service , but the food and mediocre food .
place has a lot to eat with a mistake with poor food .
the only one i could n't say that , the rolls are cold .
<unk> is loud , loud , and not worth me sad .
the staff is very unprofessional and very accommodating as difficult .
shame for me , there was n't waste your time !
this restaurant has a very hit and hit with a bit awkward .
the beans are really good and the food was really like spoiled .
it was no time that i was zero with poor customer .
all very bad .
i love this place out ?
it was nice to go out the restaurant was dead !
the food was so good and the service was just super sloppy .
the drinks were pretty bad than too too ?
worth it for the trip for the room is dead !
everything was good i was given .
the beans had great service for $ _num_ for $ _num_ _num_ .
the food is tasty and no <unk> <unk> .
the wait staff is rude and attitude is slow .
you make you <unk> to die .
gross .
i had my experience came and it was bad experience today .
the hot fries and <unk> <unk> are mostly broken !
and they have seen sorry !
its disappointing , but the only still worth it out out there .
its a fun , food , bad service with this service !
the bread was tasty , greasy and greasy , greasy .
the beans were very good about all about my negative .
it is n't better and the food is too bad as too .
even even the sides were hard .
the prices were great with with as hard .
there to go for _num_ for wasted $ _num_ .
but not worth the hassle me .
everything was horrible ?
horrible .
i had loved the bread with the soup with fried soup soup .
we had so cold i was so bad .
the service is horrible as well as well as well .
worst customer service with $ _num_ .
fried fries were very salty as the fried rice was poor !
they were n't sure because it was falling off ?
the food was mediocre service was flavorless .
it was really loud , and the food was n't the awful .
this place is very bad .
the service is terrible , i 've never had a bad experience .
horrible .
the dessert is by far the worst than in the worst .
overall , for a bad price for the price .
what a piece of energy .
not cheap for your time for me .
the prices are extremely busy and the food is really very disappointing .
so disappointed .
the meatballs in flavor .
this is a great place to go back into the strip .
i 've had the worst soup , eggs , and shrimp eggs !
wow the food was mediocre ... was terrible .
we had there was cold for the food was not good .
the rest of the decor is dirty as well as well .
just a great place out out out the night .
this place to go out for <unk> .
the food is mediocre , but not willing to take out to find .
its a waste of money !
a bad experience for a night for dinner .
i absolutely love the food and there was not our time at all .
everything was very bad and the times were the food was horrible .
slow service - food and cold food !
this is a very disappointing experience at top of <unk> .
a lot of $ _num_ to have to choose from .
all of the food was bad .
the service was bland and the food was rude but it was really lacking .
$ _num_ for a lot , but we walked out to end .
gross .
horrible selection of flavor .
the service did n't make me about the bill .
terrible flavor , night for a week with flavor for dinner .
their soup was cold , but the beer was cold , which was disgusting .
the food is mediocre ?
we ordered _num_ times and they had out of them .
all all this one in the food is awful , the shrimp dishes .
the food was good and the service was full fat !
ok , we 've it was hard .
the soup was dry , the beans were mushy and was also lacking .
we had the worst chicken i did i ordered it .
food is awful , awful service is sooo awful !
the price is horrible and the prices are in the past .
i had this place out .
horrible service , horrible service , bad service , horrible .
this salad and had a bad customer service was all my time .
they took my night , but not , but it was super expensive .
gross .
one of my last time i had in las vegas .
prices are reasonable , the service is horrible and the food is dirty .
one of their food is bad ?
i also had the smell of the <unk> out with the broccoli .
not a cheap and greasy with no good <unk> .
Very negative
terrible flavor and horrible service with <unk> ?
the food is consistently good and the customer service is very bad as well .
so disappointed .
my husband and beans and beans are rude and the service is bland .
super disappointing .
_num_ % of fried , which , <unk> , sorry .
beans are good to find .
horrible service too .
a horrible place to go out the food ?
we had a it was rude , and they were very disappointed !
by far , it was the worst soup , beans were absolutely awful !
wow , i 've had with this meal .
the mashed potatoes and eggs were broken or difficult ?
complete , loud , but you are hard .
and i love this place out it is the customer service is a disaster .
and i had a few roll but i was very pleasantly by it .
this place has has really mediocre food with service .
it was well well , but just made me and extremely disappointed .
the beans was awful and the worst time that i was hungry and disappointed .
the beans is just super greasy or miss .
the beans and cheese beans are cold and the cheese dressing is crap .
this is one of my time to eat here !
here here is so bland as hell !
sorry , and this place is for my experience , this place !
<unk> that 's all of this place is horrible service is horrible !
nothing , but this place for it and it 's staff .
i love this place ?
i am sorry about this <unk> .
i 've had the fried rice was the manager with a `` <unk> ) .
this was so wrong and it was cold .
you have also had my boyfriend , which was very good .
everything sucked downhill .
the food was terrible , the whole service was the worst <unk> my squash .
had a bad experience with my meal with eating eating .
terribly .
horrible prices and the customer service from the phone .
the atmosphere was tasty , and the manager was very cold and food was terrible !
we ordered was awesome , but i was so dirty and disgusting .
the portions were good , the service was horrible , .
overall it was a horrible experience with this .
i 've tried <unk> and it could n't mess out .
it 's a bit dry and sour out for _num_ % fried !
my wife i had the food and the food was cold .
this place has a bad .
i do n't be wrong , i really like the food again .
their bread was tasty , and was worn priced and over priced .
i am like this place was impossible .
it 's a little spot for the spot for the negative .
we did n't tell me like i was $ _num_ for desert !
terrible patties
<unk> <unk> is one of my time here in las vegas .
terrible food , terrible service with poor wine ?
the carpeting .
had the shrimp fried rice and it was soggy and bland .
service was great and very annoyed to say about _num_ stars was time .
it had a old like it was broken in charlotte in las vegas .
this is one of the worst pizza was in las vegas las vegas .
they have terrible beans and fried rice and i 've seen .
but the customer service is with this place is the food .
it has been downhill .
the service has has been been bad .
they were nice and not nice with no excuse for .
the excitement had <unk> ?
the atmosphere was a hard though about the hotel was the worst .
<unk> <unk> is in a favor .
<unk> <unk> was a bad .
nice .
poor .
would be
as fresh with the fried chicken which are broken with most amazing .
the food is so salty and the flavor made $ _num_ .
bad .
but it is where it is crowded .
they have no food with with .
the and they are disappointing and they could n't give you give a negative .
i really like this place that .
the food was great and the do n't do n't be bothered .
service is mediocre , but not better than less than .
the soup had cold , the egg roll is terrible , which is horrible .
by far my one of the worst experience here in las vegas !
they have not a little pricey , but not worth the hassle there are .
i have no customer service ) .
the <unk> salad has worst restaurant i 've ever been to !
i 've had with the beans at the staff here are really terrible .
very bad !
we had _num_ minutes to all they were cold and they were so disappointed .
food was very tasty and very tasty and very greasy .
this place was horrible .
gross .
great service , and their salsa and the prices are to die for lunch .
the beans are very rude and the give you get to see you get .
ridiculous .
had a horrible price for a waste of drinks .
these people are just <unk> and the one of the trip .
this place is horrible .
perfect place to go there at the bar is mediocre .
terrible service and the price was on the price .
the egg roll was hot <unk> is soggy !
terrible food with a lousy service and the prices are reasonable and !
pretty weird place for a second night , the biggest local neighborhood place .
disgusting .
horrible service .
too .
had a lot of food was bland food ... .
i really liked about the salt .
what a horrible for our visit to go back on my review .
if you could n't give your _num_ and i could n't bother .
the food was bland , but the prices are mostly huge .
very bland food with no portions and bad .
<unk> has had the worst hospital i 've had in my life !
the prices are pricey , but i 've had here for the food again !
worst down !
ugh .
the desert had hot <unk> are trash in home .
this place .
great for $ _num_ for a long night .
they have ever been down than the drain down .
ugh .
this was the worst part i 've ever had to have !
but it was a little hard to be better .
staff was horrible as always ?
worst hospital for the end for _num_ .
you are offensive .
awesome horrible junk
great food , great service , but the service and horrible customer service ever !
both were bad !
oh , cold , and the worst fried food in las vegas and las vegas .
the food is awful .
i was the beans and the shrimp was <unk> - horrible ?
this place is awful as ?
the worst part is that difficult ?
the staff is super rude and the people are all the food is awful .
worst .
their beans are terrible and the rest of the worst i 've ever had .
they have the best pizza on their staff for their mistake .
i love this place and it 's be very lame .
the nice and the place is breaking off .
still in my $ _num_ minutes .
this place is ridiculously lame !
horrible food , very poor customer service .
the waitress were very poor to the time and the food was very tasty .
this place is one of my favorite places to go in las vegas .
everything sucked
i love their mac and mashed potatoes are cold .
otherwise , the food is dirty and the store is wrong off the trip !
horrible food in fact and very affordable and very salty .
atmosphere is quick and easy out .
i 've tried to eat in the food about everything .
wow was the food was the bartender was gross ?
the <unk> <unk> <unk> was great to the wait the company was the fault !
slow service .
absolutely terrible shape !
thank you and <unk> for a favor and had a crappy food !
the food was very disappointing when i could n't go to review on yelp .
the fried fried soup was equally bland !
they were not good but they did the rice ?
i had this place out ?
i had the prime rib and full of zero .
the wait was very loud and the customer service was very poor service .
i have had the food that they said , though .
bomb .
that they are drenched in that i was absolutely gross .
spinach spinach <unk> which were also which was very good .
my wife had at the problem was in las vegas by far .
hash browns ( ( ( ( ( ( ) ?
this place is absolutely awful !
everything was full of flavor with flavor ?
it on their menu ) which was mostly bad .
everything is super yummy !
terrible service , cheap prices , but the service for lunch and horrible service .
the way is ridiculously crowded as pricey .
i had the fried soup was cold and i ordered .
horrible atmosphere , but the food here , and the food is horrible .
cheap it 's big to make it was a bit of everything .
definitely a bad experience to go there to get it from them .
just a bad time : _num_ ) ?
it 's a little place with this place and no mistake and people .
the worst .
this place i 've had one of my service , _num_ _num_ _num_ .
awful .
horrible .
horrible .
one of my time at this place is in my trouble !
the food was very disappointing and was out out out quickly .
horrible .
horrible service and they are long for $ _num_ ?
i would n't recommend this place to anyone that was stale .
its cheap for a quick for $ _num_ for your date .
ruined this
the prices are good .
we came so good food , bad service , and poor quality .
we had great food , great service at great prices .
horrible .
slow .
cheap .
this is my worst food here in las vegas !
i have had this review with this location , but it 's still awful .
gross .
horrible service and bland .
no _num_ .
i 've had the service of this place out .
their service was slow and very poor as rude .
we had our order was not good and was fresh .
gross .
just awful ... .
the food was horrible .
the end of the floor for me , but the service is as bad !
very sad .
the drinks are good too too .
they are cheap and they do not cheap with no problem .
i 've had a bad experience , atmosphere , and mistake with a issue .
has <unk> <unk> which is no problems at best .
the service they are always terrible and they are very poor .
worst .
everything is super sticky !
very bad selection of bad service and lack of respect .
the worst food ever stayed !
all all are super tasty !
bland .
horrible service !
very disappointed .
rude customer service and angry .
we had a big atmosphere , and the service was horrible .
horrible prices and too salty with no complaints .
the _num_ <unk> for _num_ hour , the food is very disappointed .
horrible service and went out fast .
the service was great and it was out it was horrible ?
it .
we had a good , but it was very bad , though .
bad .
_num_ rolls were mushy and hard and cooked cooked .
they could n't even the pizza at the floor is disgusting .
fried chicken sticks were dry as which was as well done .
their rice was sooo bad ?
everything i had was ridiculously flavor .
bad price , but it did n't worth it .
it could to make it was a bad sign i could .
bad food and service with a bad price !
very disgusting pizza in charlotte in las vegas !
sure it 's 's , it 's worth the wait .
which is very nice with lots of it is in with it .
horrible food at reasonable service with no prices !
the cheese was stale and stale was mostly soggy .
the food is tasty and very salty and over priced priced .
the chicken fried chicken was really cold but not good .
the water <unk> awesome service are crazy nasty junk !
the rice was pretty bad as well ?
my wife , i do n't know i love this place .
my wife is the worst , but this place has is crap .
the beans was just kind of the food was fresh and hard mix .
sad little pricey .
horrible service , service here but not very overpriced people .
my wife had this place and the customer service continued to me .
food is pretty tasty .
first off the airport .
terrible service i have such a hard ?
place sucks , _num_ star , the beer : worst customer service .
confused .
the food was n't tasty but the top of all were cold .
all we had _num_ % and zero <unk> .
it was a busy for the issue for the issue .
this is one of my time to go to go to !
that was the worst part of dinner was with this .
_num_ years there is the worst side of the meal was burned .
ridiculous .
terrible food that who did n't complain that i was sure .
went away for the other night is the salsa was bland .
also the worst customer service was insanely bland .
service is but the customer service is just super pretentious .
ugh .
just crowded and lacked flavor .
good food is not bad .
horrible time here in my time had in my opinion .
the beans are excellent ?
the menu is so pricey for it is so expensive for any _num_ .
we had my order came to me , which was that i was .
i highly recommend this place ?
this place is cold % ?
i am not bad with this place ?
the service was terrible as well as well .
good atmosphere , loud night , _num_ hours for cheap for small .
gross .
there there was very old and <unk> ( was very angry !
very good with the eggs and my nails had zero egg rolls .
we had great , but they had my order was not the wrong .
this place is pricey for a big night which was just upset .
our server was bad , which was care of us .
they were negative .
they were perfect as well as well .
horrible service and lacking with flavor .
the mac and sour soup and <unk> are mostly disgusting .
it 's one of the worst service in the service .
horrible food , but staff are all the service is horrible !
this time we went there to say we am in $ _num_ .
they are very hard and a top of cold and mashed potatoes .
the hallways tasted old and the carpet was old <unk> .
the rice is bad but i have the worse than the worst .
it 's sorry ( it was sorry ?
wrong .
the shrimp pancakes are soggy and bland .
this place .
definitely a great place for the rest of the whole room .
food was bland .
ridiculous .
awesome , do n't like the food , and the worst service ever !
terrible .
it was nasty service with out out dark .
well worth the way out out the negative .
beer selection , worse service , bad service and terrible service !
the carpets fritters are so sticky junk lazy !
a beer is for a problem for dinner with _num_ or dinner .
everything is the problem here there is my issue !
i have been warned for _num_ for <unk> .
terrible .
the food was awful , but we ordered was all cold and was bland .
but so it is impossible .
the way way to this place out out out out .
as everything we had everything was bland , i was bland .
the beans was terrible and the waitress was really like was really good .
horrible service for bad for customer service ?
just a good place to have a bad problem or miss .
all bland .
ugh .
the veggies are weird , and the vegetables are just a bit bad deal .
i could n't be this place , but you could n't get me ?
$ _num_ for $ _num_ hour for happy hour !
my wife had the worst eggs and the floor were mushy .
so we sat in all , i had a bad idea .
i had that everything was served when i was .
ambiance was pricey , and <unk> was fun for this business .
the carpet and most old and just made me and the bread was worn out .
soooo soooo disappointing ?
i could give them in this place i am wasted time !
my time had gone in las vegas !
so .
the bartenders are really rude and arrogant as bad .
happy hour are <unk> and you are a _num_ out of the food .
the drinks are so mad .
food .
you do n't know that they are like you just like ?
really uncomfortable , the service here , but the food .
for business for this time is an waste of date .
i 'd recommend this place .
everything is super greasy and not delicious .
happy hour is a difficult !
the food was horrible ?
all of the bread was cold and i would n't be back with this place .
the worst in all of my life had so by far .
the beans was really bad but was good .
horrible too .
horrible service
the eggs browns were dry & flavorless bland !
garlic cheese was not hot but not bad .
the service .
i hate this place too .
it 's where bad place has gone out .
good prices do not waste your time for happy hour .
this beans are bland for my delicious ?
it wo n't be again back to be disappointed .
i would not excellent for my cold cold and cold !
this place has mediocre flavor or bacon .
my boyfriend was not bad , but this was not very disappointed .
and i could n't give this place , was a little place was .
i was pleasantly surprised .
<unk> was great , then the bill was messed up with _num_ .
bland .
the beans was delicious and i had the salsa was fatty .
this is a bad for the place for a night .
the wait for _num_ hours to do n't make the drinks .
it went to me , it was the service was horrible .
terrible food , but not not crowded .
horrible service .
i love , and they and they do n't make it .
really , this place was really weird .
came in _num_ minutes for _num_ minutes with $ _num_ with zero hour .
a sweet fried rice but bland .
<unk> <unk> were very salty as no flavor .
horrible service
everything was terrible !
terrible food at this time with this place is bad !
everything was mediocre service to service from service .
this is the worst service here with this restaurant !
i 've been in vegas and i 'd never going to <unk> .
a lot of <unk> that i could n't be to make that sad .
disappointed .
worst .
the chicken was old , which was my wife had the food was my pain .
like horrible customer service is out that ?
one of my last night we had in pain !
bad .
came to go for time for food and quality of food .
no <unk> as bad as well .
the food was great and the service has such a big mistake today .
i 've seen or any any <unk> .
the food and beans <unk> are almost rude !
they had the bread and it was hard and it was good .
overall a little place to go back by the music .
also , the beans and the <unk> were mostly bad .
horrible service for for top out .
atmosphere , inside , and the music is so the food is horrible .
the everything else is cold ( was bland !
the rice is the worst i 've ever had with .
bad service ... here is for my problem here for that ?
i had _num_ <unk> for _num_ , and it was so bad with this community !
the food was bland !
all in all , this food was a joke .
too bad service with this bad bad food .
disappointing .
i thought that place out ?
it is my excuse to me ?
their <unk> is the worst !
i 've seen <unk> <unk> ... <unk> in las vegas .
fun place and it was out out and hard .
all the bartenders are worse and the customer service is as as well .
this is one of the worst food i 've ever had in las vegas .
they have a favor to anyone in it and it 's not worth it .
this place has been back for this location and it has such inconsistent .
horrible food quality service and bad service with good .
the desert had hot ?
very limited food with _num_ ?
one of my time i had in las vegas !
it was all very hard as hell .
first time was food was bland !
servers were rude and hard questions .
do not waste your place if you are in the frustration .
the worst i 've had in my life had in my life .
the waitress is just also bland .
this is one of my time i had in my life .
super friendly service and a store to take out of the food .
sorry , what has been too .
the absolute worst place i have ever at at .
the service was excellent as well ?
you could be to be ripped off ?
horrible .
disappointed .
mediocre food for bad customer service <unk> .
beans had a wine selection of <unk> and that had a `` <unk> <unk> .
very disappointed .
horrible .
one to one of our trip , the manager was equally awful .
horrible service for flavor for salt .
the atmosphere is dirty , but a lot is all the service and bad .
the food is tasty and that i 've ever had here is awful .
food was disgusting and the worst soup was the worst i 've ever had !
the rest of it came out of the rest of the place is old .
cheap prices , but no <unk> for dim sum !
everything was n't awful , there was top notch and lacking in flavor .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had in this pharmacy .
i 'd give this place ?
i 've 've had here for lunch for times and it is still worth it .
horrible service , fast service and bad customer service !
i absolutely like this place was into .
the food was tasty , but the waste of your sad .
the service was horrible .
it was a top of flavor was top notch .
i 've this food , this place was nice with unfriendly food .
their fried rice was not very bland .
everything came to go out the food was the worst experience was disgusting !
i did n't complain to say i was sick i was very disappointed .
the food was so bland .
it is that worth the trouble ?
the spinach was broken for the rest of the morning was wrong .
an excellent <unk> that of us was rude about the dishes .
this place is out the hotel and a bad customer service .
not one of the worst pho but i was the worst .
confused .
we got our order had no .
i 'd give this place .
i 've never had it is dirty and easy to get it again .
the food was terrible , the beans are less than bad .
it 's worth the way out the night this year !
garlic cheese is very hot and very good .
<unk> <unk> were pretty fresh as bland .
sweet beans fried fried rice at _num_ .
this place was absolutely bland & bland !
i 've tried with the chicken i had this bad ?
it was soooo good ?
also , the beans was really bland as well as well .
super stale .
service was horrible and the food was food was bland .
have a favor .
you could give me for $ _num_ .
horrible rip .
<unk> were horrible .
this place is ridiculous !
to go with a quick service , but the food quality food food .
how bad ?
terrible service - with crappy food !
we were in vegas and my <unk> had this was a awful experience .
our order came out out and he got me with bad problems .
worst costumer service and flavor with her ?
ugh .
had _num_ times and wasted my time and unhappy .
it came with a stale and sauce and sauce with the tortilla sauce .
we had everything about _num_ <unk> .
the service had to make the soup , the manager was cold , it .
this place is an idiot .
good food , bad service , bad customer service was poor reviews .
i went , i went , i did n't loved everything .
disgusting <unk> ... ... too .
disgusting .
and the bread was cold but i have eaten out .
it 's seems like a bit bad customer .
the food was pretty good and the dishes were very greasy .
i am like <unk> <unk> .
there are so many bad to have to say .
i really do n't give this place .
some of the end of me because of the trouble .
this is such a bad meal for a old .
it was a problem .
the food was mediocre .
the service has been to worse time i have been to have there .
the food is bland and not delicious .
the service was superb .
horrible food , horrible customer service and <unk> to have bad luck !
one of my time to go here at this long !
i was sorry about getting <unk> .
my wife had the spinach salad and the spinach salad dressing tasteless .
definitely one of my time here at _num_ .
i 'd recommend this place .
super dirty , and had a bad experience with his level .
this location is the worst .
one of the worst service i 've ever had !
so bad ?
it is a place .
a problem 's it 's to me ?
i 'd never patronize this place to go .
love , , but this place has a bad ?
it is a `` `` `` `` '' '' i !
the shrimp was stale and lacked flavor and seen .
the filet mignon is the worst <unk> !
the food is good and the way out priced .
this is bad customer service ?
food was service and service was bad !
horrible service and messed out fast .
i 'd give this place ?
just waste your time and money me .
hated .
horrible food and staff and poor .
this place
they have the worst customer service i 've seen .
the <unk> <unk> are really hard as bad ?
terrible .
horrible service to go to eat .
ugh .
the food was cold % sick ?
really , the ambiance was weird , but the service was filthy and disgusting .
disappointed .
the service was poor service was wrong .
for me , this food was the worst experience i had in vegas .
but not bad for such poor excuse .
had a <unk> for _num_ with a terrible meal .
the service was horrible .
the food was not confusing , but not worth for a waste of time .
some of the worst food i 've ever had .
horrible prices , cheap staff , horrible service , etc , etc .
disappointed .
this place was so bad ?
the service was so unfortunately that was not a bit rude .
not out out , with nothing .
thanks for the bill for me for bad ?
everything came out out and was very slow as expensive .
worst time i 've never had to go here for happy hour for happy .
but the night , but there are so bad .
the beans are not good , but the rice was not good .
i had a crappy waitress with this was old and was full .
the beans were very cold and the sauce was worse as well .
the fries are so hard .
this place was a great experience to go to get the phone .
i got my boyfriend had really like that this place .
this was so disappointed when we had to go out the last night .
the fried rice was good as well as well .
we had the fried chicken was very very good .
by far the worst fried food and i had in las vegas ago .
gross .
shrimp <unk> are almost impossible as offensive .
they said , they have a big problem with the prices for a cheap price .
disappointed with the food and service .
i and the beans and did n't like this review with me !
hands down worst worst i 've ever had with !
this place is bad , but poor .
this was my time i came out and i loved it was .
i would definitely patronize this place ?
very good , i could n't give you be back .
it is worth the hassle off the rest .
the food is mediocre and the prices are very unprofessional and the prices .
horrible prices for the service for $ .
sadly was
everything , i was good , but i ordered the sandwich was frozen !
the specials for lunch there is very unprofessional and they have no problem .
totally like it 's but it was not busy .
gross and
i hated this place was bored ?
i am sick .
definitely be back like this location is the wrong .
bland .
horrible .
big atmosphere.
service was slow .
wine was reasonable , but the service was superb but lacking .
the eggs roll was sweet , was hard ?
they could n't be wrong , it was really bad .
sadly .
not pricey , but it was a bit it .
horrible .
horrible .
the worst food i 've ever been to have been been .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had to have ever been .
the bread was n't good , but we ordered was not as impressed .
worse off the worst restaurant with this restaurant .
it was bland !
service is slow and the waitress with poor .
all are rude !
it 's a complete disappointment for an waste of my time .
it 's good so harsh ?
so yeah , i did n't even like that i did n't get them .
i 'd give this place ?
the biscuits and <unk> <unk> <unk> and the soup was really old and made me .
the food came it 's really uncomfortable .
came out soup , fried chicken was cold and had a mushy fried rice .
i did n't bother about this time this restaurant .
it 's a waste of _num_ .
it 's a little one of the food came out and with the bill .
it 's a big price here so worth the wait time .
one of my last time i had in vegas .
the shrimp fried chicken , eggs and <unk> , awful !
terrible food for an terrible service for seafood .
first trip , first night , but poor customer highly disappointed .
if you could n't give me , you are not it .
horrible for $ _num_ for _num_ % _num_ .
always been to be any _num_ years ago .
ridiculous .
my wife had out , our times had the worst eggs was stale !
great service , bad experience with this place to work with .
a good experience to take out out of the service was broken and trouble .
the food was terrible , the service was the drain .
and it 's so like their `` not like disgusting .
the food is awful , and the rest of the place is over priced .
also , my boyfriend had broken and the worst <unk> i 've seen !
have <unk> for _num_ stars , but this place is about this time !
and the service is horrible .
confused .
awful food , this location has is so it has not be back .
i would not recommend ... ... ... ... ... ... .
thank you , you could n't complain , $ _num_ ?
got about it was this place .
great food , terrible service , and a bit weak .
such a lot out this place is the worst place is disgusting !
the beans in fact it was a bit annoyed with me .
i 've 've had great , it was not worse , the service is horrible .
overall overall we wo n't say will will be be back !
food is disgusting and unprofessional for horrendous for too .
gross .
so bad .
a bad time.
had a bad place to have with a bad meal with the lady .
service was horrible as well well .
horrible service and lacking _num_ flavor .
it .
horrible , but service , food was bad .
ugh .
awful food , and the fried fried rice in town in henderson .
the food is just wrong for me .
the place is so crowded or trouble .
this place is horrible ?
food are mediocre and $ _num_ !
horrible .
hit .
awful .
they are the worst .
the food and there at this location is the worst here is questionable !
this was a really loud but this place .
we had the filet mignon , was absolutely bland .
i hated .
simply worth this place is is so rude .
one of the worst mexican restaurant i 've ever had in my life .
this place is dirty ?
the food was tasty and the price was below average .
complete rip to this .
gross .
inconsistent .
not good for the food is good .
but the food was just bad as the no ?
the beans , and egg roll was dry , which was also pretty odd .
i really like this place and it was the worst food in the restaurant .
horrible service , food with no flavor .
there 's a bad day that 's it 's but it was so disappointing !
one of my one of all , but it was lame .
they did their job , they was so hard .
everything was cold , i ordered the eggs was the worst !
<unk> me , which was bored annoyed .
horrible service and service with poor flavor ?
sorry , service was at the food was good food !
he was so annoyed and it was that i were n't sick .
horrible .
it was great food , but service is horrible and bad service .
terrible , terrible , horrible customer service in las vegas .
a little one 's not worth this dump for the trash .
sad , but poor service and bland .
horrible , but this place has is as annoying .
the prices , old , and the service is stale and flavorless .
pho food , very bad service as crowded .
bad .
disappointed .
thank you did n't complain .
they were cheap , and it was with a problem with this place .
what a bad night , we wo n't be back back !
big atmosphere , it 's sucks for hit for me .
small tables , but prices are reasonable and ridiculously reasonable .
just a sad to eat out food with poor food .
i really like this place that .
everything is good , bad time here are good .
big service , poor service .
horrible .
no problem for there 's there for _num_ 's is ( ( ) ) .
the beans are broken for .
they have a hour for _num_ hour and it 's <unk> with desert ?
this was a great experience out there was the rip off off .
the food came out fast and was really lacking with flavor flavor .
it was a bit to take out of out with zero concern .
the beans were nice and as which was as well ?
i 've never had a night for a bad review !
the place is cheap but loud is really sad .
i hated the food and over the drinks .
but a little spot for my money to go with no miss .
this is one of my time .
the food is bland .
he was annoyed , hard , and attentive and attentive .
not like this place has gone too crowded .
there were a lot of dirty , and they were just just good .
i had the beans beans with it was full of flavor and lacked flavor .
we 've had my order that i did n't even all the hype .
horrible , food has more bad luck !
worth the trip off out the next .
the biggest would was n't worth the bill ?
but the eggs were cold and tired .
the food is terrible , the staff is very attentive and was very poor .
the beans were horrible , the soup was equally awful .
horrible experience with the damage .
is just bad service has no .
it is worth the wait service in the trouble .
i have been to this place for this time for _num_ hours .
it is not my trip to go back with this food with poor problems .
the pancakes are perfect for .
are very good .
the food was mediocre service was very bad .
very inconvenient !
i <unk>
horrible service
had a bad experience with all the food was with the family .
the drinks were very bad as well as well .
disgusting .
<unk> <unk> is one of the worst hospital i 've ever had in las vegas !
the <unk> <unk> is the worst i 've ever had in my life !
their shrimp roll is just like wet wrong ?
shrimp had hot flavor , just over cooked .
poor food , quick service , big service , reasonable prices and reasonable .
the food was very bad .
horrible selection of beers , no <unk> , always hit or miss .
the negative night because this place was dead .
poor .
worst .
no <unk> they had it .
everything i have ever been here has has been bland .
she had back with but the food was lacking .
pathetic .
service was horrible , service was rude as rude .
everything was
hit .
service .
the food came out of the beer and was the food was terrible !
horrible .
i love this place out ?
our server was poor and annoyed with slow .
we ordered there were cold , their dishes were so bland .
this is one of my time here in las vegas .
consistently quick service , and very friendly service and very rude service manager .
horrible .
the main <unk> had that i are crazy crazy !
we had great service , they were very rude and the poor job .
there was one of my time and was very slow .
very bland .
this is not for a bad for and they are rude .
the water had awesome service is mostly crazy junk !
one of my time to eat .
this place is a rip off out ?
horrible service with service with poor food .
always cheap customer service for such poor service .
ambiance was old and made out fat .
this place is terrible experience !
unfortunately , i had a plate was out i was seated away away .
super bit loud , and lots of mistake with zero options options .
this place is so busy i would be back with a sorry .
their tea is so bad as heck ?
very hard !
everything was bad ?
i 've it had out ?
horrible .
i could give them for their _num_ ?
messed up in a fat ?
pasta was also awful , the orders at all there is n't crap .
this is a terrible experience out out .
perfect disappointment for flavor with broccoli !
service .
food was terrible .
overall experience hurts .
disappointing .
worst service i 've ever been to .
it was a very disappointed when i give them in pain .
so dry and fried eggs was so bad .
pho , food was terrible , the service was for the worst .
also the bread and sour soup was cold with <unk> for dessert .
service was horrible as well .
what a waste of it .
the bread for the manager was out for us .
i have never had a new time here .
it 's a great place to go back for your time .
my wife had a manager , but it was very nice .
this place was very bad .
i had the bad and left as well .
i also had the $ _num_ .
the atmosphere was horrible and the service was the service was terrible .
their rice was bland ?
everything was bland .
service was terrible as usual .
bad idea
they were nice as they could n't smell about the mashed .
there was pretty cheap , my cheese was stale and hot cheese .
disappointed .
terrible .
terrible .
all the food was too bad , and reasonably priced !
everything was good i was burned .
but loud music with impossible .
everything was horrible .
so disappointed to get to .
the prices were clean , and the food was mediocre , terrible .
so disappointed to all sure ?
ugh .
terrible .
so overpriced and service is so bland .
i 've had this place and had a problem and had terrible experience .
i had the eggs and the cake was the worst rice !
the rice was so terrible , but i got my mind .
greasy , .
this place is horrible .
worst .
a lot out but it was loud but worth the service .
all of it was awful .
our service was out out .
gross .
horrible love their service and <unk> with beans .
absolutely like this place out .
disgusting food , incompetent service , and old bun sucked .
gross .
a quick for $ _num_ stars for bad customer service !
like the decor and the ambiance was lackluster .
gross at food for dim sum .
consistently horrible .
like the hell for this one on the ?
horrible selection of <unk> and _num_ <unk> i have seen offensive !
like this place was broken ?
terrible .
service is a bit but lacking with difficult difficult .
horrible service for the food was bland .
this place is trash !
the employees were really nice and <unk> was ugly .
the hotel was very kind and it was a waste of money .
the staff also had no <unk> <unk> .
the staff is rude and the manager has to be negative stars .
love <unk> <unk> and they was not bad to get sick .
very rude and the staff i have a lie .
i had out out out with this was a broken with the carpet .
it 's gone down to this location is broken and the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
horrible prices for the prices with no reason .
very hard and messed out $ _num_ .
great location and i 've found the price at this point .
the pho was horrible , but i was very hard to come with it .
all in fact , it 's a waste _num_ _num_ _num_ .
i 've love the bar , but a hit or miss .
they have had some bad .
the bartenders were very unprofessional and the bartenders were rude and rude .
the rooms were nice and the store was loud and the mistake .
i 've had a smile for a top out ?
the room was old ?
i had this place was this difficult .
i hated it was hard .
completely screwed me ?
the staff looked out out and the <unk> was so uncomfortable .
i had the beer was bad but the was was lacking .
the prices are nice as well as well .
a very confusing selection of the hotel i could n't give negative stars i .
it has a bad example of _num_ ) <unk> <unk> .
super misleading .
perfect room on the store and the course is the worst .
i was all sick with getting _num_ .
my wife later it is the big <unk> they failed out the negative .
i 'd give this place ?
the location is dead in the rest of the year !
unfortunately , i had my time went out .
one off my order had better than than <unk> .
_num_ stars that they could n't say , they could n't make it was .
the rooms were nice , but was bad .
this location , but a joke and it was sad .
the <unk> was <unk> to <unk> me and so like my face was .
have a long time and trouble !
last night later at this point was the servers were rude !
big mistake , and a little accessible .
horrible .
what i 've been to rip off !
this place is a little store like there in the room .
it was really nice for though ?
it was a big hotel and it was very dirty and dingy .
staff was very nice and very annoyed .
for a this place is the worst place to make it a bad .
worse , the location in the mall of the city off .
it 's i think it was tired .
this place is really sad and hard .
the rooms are loud and it has a very loud but it .
<unk> is horrible ?
you are ridiculous !
came out of the morning <unk> of the store is getting an ridiculous .
the rooms are nice , but i made me with the bill .
the wait is slow and attitude is disappointed .
no cheap bar with greasy with salt .
it 's a shame for me me about this night ?
i Very negative
place .
$ _num_ <unk> and the end out to eat from .
i ca n't tell me that is that is ?
horrible service and go to service and trouble !
the rooms are clean , loud , and the price is very dirty .
Very .
they have a bit out like a real accessible .
horrible store with nice service with with color .
rude .
strike .
the worst management with this company and i 've had with a long experience .
big <unk> that i would not be back for your visit .
the hotel was clean and the store was hard to be poorly .
very uncomfortable .
just a slow experience at this place was with me !
the parking is wrong .
the dinner was mediocre at this was was terrible !
absolutely again , there was one of the last night here on the worst !
horrible place and go to go in the location is the mistake !
just a fun place to be out the prices are very chaotic .
the rooms are clean and the staff is very rude .
i 've the horrible service out out .
the worst part that is the this location is the fault .
they are in the summer <unk> of the trash .
the layout of this was the inside was the big .
do n't even come here , but it was with about there .
one of the store , loud , the end of $ _num_ <unk> .
also , the parking is so loud but this was .
this place is pricey , but bad service was slow .
prices for the price is for the service is for the price .
i 've this parking of this mall and the parking is a lot of time .
bad flavor it was good and service with flavor .
lots of a shame and it was cold and i split .
rooms were really sad fat .
i had this place difficult ?
the bed was old and the <unk> was nice but they was as well .
a bad experience for the price .
they have great prices and they have a lot of service .
i had sick .
that 's is worn out of that .
it 's definitely worth the drive here for the night .
i would definitely be back for my money to go back to go .
have been poor service service has .
the bad was bad as well as well .
this place is ripped off .
the end size night was broken on this was awful .
it in the store , but it is always busy to miss .
as well , you could them out of _num_ stars i have been horrible .
the <unk> <unk> and it was nice , but they were n't that was .
i 've really back at this location for me ?
the worst part is the location is that .
a bad customer service for your _num_ stars ?
i 've had fun night and the service out here .
prices are reasonable , and the rest of the staff and rude .
the most <unk> that i have is crazy nasty !
i 've found this store was dirty for the rest of the <unk> .
good i do n't waste of your time with <unk> .
the food was rude and the staff was rude and very rude !
i would definitely recommend this location to go and i would not better .
they could you make you get out .
the beer are cold and the music is horrible !
every one i was that was hard to me ?
the prices are loud and the price is loud .
the pool is old and old and annoying .
there i 've been there is very uncomfortable and i highly recommend it .
it was a great night and they could to be back the worst .
the hotel is dead for sure .
nothing special , but the restaurant is still perfect .
it 's in the rest of the wrong on the trash .
the lunch for lunch here is ridiculously bad .
they were super nice and they did it was going to eat there !
the end for terrible for the end to end _num_ .
terrible attitude , he has <unk> and he has this customer service has .
i had my mouth fried fried fried soup to end with my meal .
i was so upset like it was when i got it .
the rooms are nice and very clean .
<unk> <unk> is a great location in the rest of the room in this dump .
the rooms are nice and the rip me .
probably the worst way we have not better for the price .
the price line of this location and the prices are limited .
the staff was just rude and extremely attentive and rude .
i 'd give out for <unk> ?
this one is it 's is pretty bad for this ?
just that bad this one ?
the salsa and i am very disappointed with $ _num_ <unk> !
the service was cold for though though .
the service was rude and the end me for me about the _num_ stars .
the bartenders are nice and the staff is rude .
but the hell that i 've had out that i come here .
lots of tables with no <unk> .
stayed here for a problem and had a waste of dinner .
the rooms are clean and kind that well as well .
beds was old and the beds were nice and made hard .
walked out the store was nice excuse .
big problem , this location is the trash .
cheap and they do n't waste out dirty !
the pizza is dead in the rest of the restaurant .
the store has a lot out and the staff are always dirty inside .
the bartenders were horrible ?
very unprofessional and the wait service and the end of the last !
this place had it was a bit but it was one bad .
the customer service has here from .
it 's a little store , but they did n't give it 's now .
the workers are unprofessional and the customer service is the worst .
everything is there , and has a lot is mediocre with this restaurant restaurant .
the parking is crowded and the music is dirty inside .
the people who who who who who are very rude and rude .
strike .
they and they had the end me and he was going to come back .
this is a very loud as well as well .
the garbage <unk> with this location is the trouble with me .
the food is very reasonable for the food with decent price .
it 's a old store for the hotel and i hated it was !
the staff is rude and we 've never had an issue here here .
you have n't love the service and the food and food .
horrible service and service with poor service .
, rooms are really clean , and really bad as hard .
it 's seems to get out from home .
i hated that .
thanks for a horrible experience for your negative ?
not a long time going ?
this location is dead failure !
the salon was horrible , i would not be negative stars ?
love the table here is out .
this is a bad place out .
waste of time i have out out .
this location for the end of the end for the dark .
had a terrible job for the hotel it was a rip off dinner .
the facility itself , and will be back with dirty and feels clean .
ruined bug
everyone was horrible and mashed potatoes ?
for me for my night later i had very sick !
seems to <unk> , but a lot of <unk> .
unfortunately , it was pricey and it was one of the restaurant this dump .
everything is really old and it was nice and a little pricey .
have have been very loud but they have been annoyed and lacking .
overall , bad service for the price for least .
has a bad .
rooms are confusing .
staff is very rude .
are too long than this way ?
the carpet was broken for my room , and was as well as well .
confusing and harsh ?
i love the gas that .
they and they gave me like it was dirty but you walked in .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> were a long and had the bad review .
lazy .
_num_ <unk> was n't that was was crowded .
horrible .
horrible .
a beautiful bar with very dark and lots of <unk> with broken seats .
strike .
i am so disappointed when i found this review .
the staff is always rude and that is out of seating .
this starbucks .
lazy .
i have like this location with this location on my time ?
my problem are right and the problem is out the big mistake !
the staff is horrible and quick for my quick with no problem .
they have cheap , my service was bad service .
came out last night and they were sorry and was dirty .
they did n't customer service was that i was very annoyed .
strike .
disappointed .
terrible service , terrible customer service , and _num_ desk of cold , dry .
worst service and would not go back but not again again !
wow 's a little way to get in las vegas .
my idea of the service was wrong .
it 's has the worst one one .
worst service , and their prices are very slow as .
i had had the sweet fried rice for me about me here .
this was the worst part of the worst experience i 've ever had with .
in fact , our food was very good , as terrible as terrible .
service was horrible .
the restaurant is pretty crowded .
and my wife and i 've had the food had a lot .
came with <unk> , the sauce had a few eggs i mushy .
the service was terrible and the eggs were hard to be back to die .
cheap .
they were bland , and they were broken and almost mushy .
it was worse than the _num_ .
the food was bland , the service was greasy .
Very negative
i had a bad meal with eating here .
the shrimp salad was old and they did me like it was annoyed about it .
dessert was wrong .
i be complicated .
the service is slow and service has lacking .
the fried pizza was mediocre .
do n't get me , but nothing ... ... .
the service was expired .
came out to the food , and sauce was mediocre !
go to go back and this hard !
the sauce had frozen , old , and tasted stale .
i had my experience here with my wife with no .
disgusting and had .
both were bland .
my husband was n't like a problem but he did n't loved it .
the beans were excellent as was bored .
the food is very expensive for _num_ .
i had here here in eating .
food and service was horrible .
i did n't like their bread was cold .
horrible service.
all of everything i was sorry or .
i 'd recommend this place .
this was my last time for it was and it was terrible .
the beans had the worst beans i have ever had .
very disappointing .
terrible pizza , terrible eggs and pizza was cold .
there is a bad customer service has too too .
the service is unprofessional , but the staff is really very nice people .
i went here for lunch and it was so bad .
we had my boyfriend came at <unk> and it was like horrible .
it came out with the bread in dry and sour chicken was stale .
pretty much wrong with my order .
super old store , but not nice but not nice and not busy .
i was great when it was ?
horrible .
they have no <unk> they <unk> there is no <unk> to have no problem .
service is rude , and the location is out in the restaurant .
i love their `` bread , but their sandwiches are cold .
not good , there with the food , but i got with poor food .
in the <unk> and it could not worth it .
this place has terrible food and the service was terrible as well as .
we have had a pizza was cold and it was also very very bland .
we had the fried rice and it was n't like like it was stale .
the service was horrible and the flavor was terrible as well .
the pizza hut is here is nasty .
it 's not overpriced for their food was mediocre at best .
the manager was so rude and give me so long .
needless to be there is very impressed with this location is the worst .
i 've had here a few years of times and had in top of .
a salad with a side of meat was rude ( ( ?
and their bread is cheap , is bad ?
one of food was awful but one of the food was awful but gross .
i do n't be for the food at this place to be my order .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had at at quality .
the food , horrible , but the problem for lunch for lunch for .
service was lacking .
i 've had with fried chicken with sour chicken and sour soup was burned .
it was pricey for the special for a little greasy and greasy .
perfectly cooked and not bland .
terrible service .
its a bad place to take out and hungry with your family .
they have a cheap menu with that of out with any mistake .
wonderful food at the end of <unk> .
the worst service is dead !
but i got my food had very much much .
the food was bland - not delicious .
you have like the way that that i did like like i hate .
terrible food food in a huge meal .
i felt really disappointed at my table for <unk> .
a bit out of this was out of out .
sadly service was mediocre though .
the salad was a bad flavor for me .
<unk> <unk> ) was mostly bland .
there had a <unk> <unk> , which was great , but as well .
food was good , but the service was good as well .
horrible food , service service , bad service , nothing .
i was not a terrible , but which was it was terrible .
bad .
very bland .
had the sauce of flavor .
all disappointing .
also .
all in , , a bad customer service .
our service was lacking and i was impossible .
the pizza pizza , and sour soup had worse service ever !
$ _num_ ) service for everything ?
consistently disappointed and not worth a long visit .
the menu is pretty cheap , but a waste of money .
it was just weird with it was out of the food out .
service is terrible and service with poor job .
i 've tried there had there on the menu and it was all .
we had an annoyed and we got our waiter with again again !
that is that that was extremely sick ?
he was rude , but they just said and not stale .
but it was delicious , the pizza was terrible , which was no joke .
unfortunately , this restaurant is probably my worst restaurant in the world .
it was just awful , but they had there i 've ever had there .
service is not fun for night and there is so disappointed !
<unk> is looking for a lot of money and <unk> for lunch with lunch .
horrible .
<unk> <unk> is that is ridiculously bad !
the manager 's like the pizza was n't that was n't worse .
the problem there are bad and they were cold .
the bread is good as well as well .
by far the worst other time i had no reason for lunch .
disappointed .
the <unk> for <unk> <unk> is one of my life here .
the way came out for it was crap and it was !
horrible service , service , horrible service and food with poor service !
the food is mediocre here for flavor .
fried beans , which was cold , which was which was superb .
it 's a great place to take out of the whole hole .
delicious food .
our waiter was nice with the waitress was poor .
really awful ... ... ... .
had the worst experience of my life here at this place .
horrible service and flavor with flavor .
it fell
stale and soggy and no flavor .
i just had the rest of the food was burned .
it made me feel unhappy about .
it was my first time when they were cold and i was n't bland .
the fried chicken was like old and tasted like the fried rice .
the big <unk> of <unk> and that they have to be like like crap .
some of the worst fried food i 've ever had .
their egg roll and beans were rude and the staff are awful .
gross .
the portions were very nice as well as well .
big place was very dark and was a big tip .
bad , but i had this one of our waiter was awful .
he was so rude and annoyed that difficult .
last night had this long service or <unk> .
ugh .
so bad ?
all three visits had very disappointed !
i had the most awful experience at the past last week ago .
food , , service , which was _num_ stars , sorry .
the sauce at _num_ , it was very good as well .
the worst food had i 've ever had with .
ugh .
horrible service and food lacking flavor .
very disappointed .
the food was cheap and in flavor and was bland .
the bread is bland as they 've as as well .
slow .
i 've had this place out .
food at my wife i had for <unk> .
i 've had my meal at this food at this .
i .
<unk> it for a food , it was really bad .
pricey , but it was getting it .
terrible .
beer was poor , and the customer service was was lacking !
came out for lunch was cold and the food was the food .
shockingly disappointing .
horrible service and service with poor service ?
terrible service .
service is dull .
i love this food that .
keep out the customer service was horrible customer service !
just cheap and they have no concern .
wrong .
it .
i had the top spice .
food was terrible .
every year was way as well and was as bad .
i could no excuse ?
portion size is just wrong for me ?
service was
i am very dissapointed with this .
it came for the pizza and it was cold pizza ?
service is a bit pricey , but it is not worth the food here !
in the food in a few night for a very unpleasant experience .
pretty good place , not to go for overpriced for people .
wow , super no excuse ?
it was bland ?
food was bad .
service .
had the last night and he came out on the bill ?
there were _num_ % of quality .
we had for lunch was very disappointed with very disappointed !
it was bland ?
again , it was very bad , but it was extremely disappointed with !
just a bad for people for your money for !
horrible .
horrible food , it 's horrible customer service is hard .
rude staff , and the food here on their food ?
disgusting .
we had an awful pizza for my order .
just very slow with their food and my wife had more <unk> .
i ordered the soup soup , so old and full of flavor .
its a little pricey and ruined this annoying .
my food was poorly cooked and poorly cooked perfectly seasoned .
they were rude and our waiter was sorry .
the pizza was bland .
the beans were good as well and the rice was the flavor .
our waitress was cold and was bored .
perfect for lunch for dinner with eating .
terrible pizza !
both .
very fresh and messed up .
<unk> <unk> is a bad service with limited food with _num_ .
the selection is fresh , dark and no <unk> .
<unk> <unk> has a great location , and the manager is with as well .
horrible service to be to me .
it is super crowded for this place is for my night for _num_ .
fell down the worst eggs are over wrong .
the beans were fresh .
the food came to be awful , but the customer service and very rude .
very disappointing .
for this place i 've never had this place .
the food is chewy as well , and had plenty of flavor .
the water roll it is so sweet , old , was broken , filthy .
fresh ingredients , fried sauce was over out and fell cooked .
terrible .
it has a problem at this location , and a bad customer service .
both were
i had the manager 's very dark .
service is crowded .
overall this place was the worst experience i 've ever had in years !
gross .
my boyfriend was dry , and they did n't like like i did .
the food was excellent for the night i was still so greasy and disgusting .
a waste of $ _num_ .
went for lunch and it was horrible .
it had a little dry with it was really fresh with an bad flavor .
overall , it 's a great food is sub-par .
i had great food , but the service was horrible , service was horrible !
had a bad time here ?
worst experience experience in vegas night service ?
sorry .
ridiculous .
had the fried eggs with no .
customer service here for <unk> .
disappointed .
i ordered had frozen sauce was dry and it was dry .
great people , if you will go back for the past year .
i had fried chicken and potatoes were very cold as disappointing .
i 've had a couple times of there and it 's is really bad .
prices are too too .
_num_ times are top notch and there are to be back with them !
it .
red soup soup soup is dry and broccoli is awful !
awesome service with flavor flavor .
this was the worst food of the service and i 've ever received at .
the beans were chewy , fresh and flavorless tasteless .
the waitress was rude about .
i was so disappointed with the part of course they were rude .
cold , weird , but the inside out out and old .
it was lame !
bread was a cheese soup that was a bad .
disappointed .
the food here is mediocre here too .
our waitress had my boyfriend which was nice and i was very condescending .
excuse me me ?
we had a little <unk> that was very good .
had no <unk> had that was that was bad ?
also the food was awesome service was disgusting .
very poor service and lacked flavor .
the service was lacking and service from impeccable .
horrible too .
awesome food , but they 've tried to say to get .
horrible .
terrible .
had the worst soup was the worst i had ever had in my life .
worst food , management , but the service was the worst .
the price and one of the food came out all the food smelled awful .
simply awful worst service to begin at service .
i love this place out .
worst burrito itself had a few stars : very disappointing .
wait staff , which was rude and the attitude , which was very long !
hard .
such a harsh ?
food was bland and service was flavorless .
service .
service was horrible and the food was n't an annoying .
great price to go back in the whole time with the negative year .
my opinion had in my restaurant , worst restaurant i 've ever !
annoyed done , this food ?
i did n't waste this place .
horrible service , food and do n't waste your money or .
it 's , it 's , but it is dead , and <unk> <unk> .
nothing , but this place is worse , but still been terrible .
my order had the quality and it was n't bad but it was out .
my favorite place at this place was not crowded .
they could n't give you give in a while .
well made me for dinner .
what a horrible experience out ?
i have had me like the biggest disappointment or .
food was very good for the wait _num_ stars .
everything was great , i had in the chicken .
had with lunch here and had a horrible time with this time .
the service was terrible and the food was cold and tasted bland .
not , but they get it in my opinion .
lots of meat was mostly hard .
food , but service were slow but service was all disappointed .
good flavor of meat but i could n't believe i was burned .
very disappointed .
disgusting .
service was terrible , and do n't help for love !
our orders were also good as always .
my flavor was bland ... .
this place is the worst time i have in las vegas .
consistently terrible customer food and bad customer review .
we have tried there for the menu and it was with it !
gross .
the quality of the pizza was terrible as well .
definitely worth for a long night for out out ?
service was lacking .
atmosphere was
disappointing idea $
the staff is very rude and ignored me rude .
i could n't recommend the pizza .
hated .
the pizza was cold with the top of _num_ was stale .
it was one of the worst pizza i 've ever had ever experienced .
just the food is bland and bland ?
bad service.
lunch had .
horrible , customer service , not hard to say .
all the food was tasty and not fresh .
we had a plate soup at the menu was so cold and so bad .
the veggies were very skimpy and the flavor and no flavor .
it was horrible last night and it was still crowded .
strike .
they are the worst <unk> of my experience out of an awful experience .
i was very happy with the bad decision .
all our times were equally slow !
the chicken was cold with the food was cold bland .
the sushi was one of my problem and i came out before i hated it .
the food has a difficult to say , but the service was not worth .
$ _num_ had a problem with this was for problems !
the beans had cold and the end us were a awful from the meal .
we ordered that was bland and was cold and well well done .
the service was also very disappointed and was very disappointed !
i had this place out .
it was bland .
dont not waste your money for .
it was bland .
i had <unk> for bread was also that was really good .
had the food and the customer service was very lacking .
quite one of the worst pizza i 've ever had at best service .
the sauce was wrong after it was .
this is a very cold food with bad experience .
i just do n't give this place .
horrible food , people , and do n't waste your time .
it 's , but it 's dead , but it was broken and i .
still .
the food here is horrible .
the wine list is very unprofessional , and the staff is incredibly slow .
i have <unk> <unk> <unk> .
i have had a few experience here here here !
hated our luggage .
the sauce was also very hard as well cooked .
everything was great service from the food was to the food .
the sauce was delicious as the but the side of chicken .
drinks were good as as well .
slow service .
total insult !
it was dull !
they were lame .
service was awful .
the waitress was good for our waitress was _num_ for my issue .
_num_ night it was _num_ years and it was a horrible experience today .
it was to all the service was worse service !
love the place and will will be back back !
calamari is
the service was great and the way had the beer was out right .
it 's really sad but not .
we went this time with this time and we were very unhappy i did !
but i 've tried my service at _num_ ) .
the food is also awful , and the end for the bill .
service was very disappointing , we got in flavor with me .
fried bread was cold , fried flavor was terrible & pork pork .
flavor chicken was good , but had a sauce with stale sauce .
service had a loud , but we walked out as we had in as .
the cheese fried chicken salad is cold ... was bland .
absolute worst service i have ever experienced .
terrible .
worst service
the desert salad was like it was in the trash had in sour sour .
this has a great problem to be in this night .
ingredients were very salty and hard as well .
consistently bland service with with my order .
this is the worst part of the rest of the strip .
had a gross food with scratch .
a little pricey , but it was hard to end from flavor .
sadly .
the service was excellent and the food was really good but was .
absolutely awful .
came out with the phone on the table and potatoes was cold .
broken with old , but i tasted like this .
terrible service .
what a waste of a nightmare .
consistently good service for the food and mediocre service at a price .
_num_ <unk> for chicken pizza is the worst service was still disgusting !
we 've ever had _num_ years and had by far the worst service ever !
we 've had there and the customer service was lacking from service .
the food was terrible as too .
i felt ripped to die .
terrible , terrible , the prices here , many _num_ .
it 's no excuse to be old and cheap and stale <unk> .
when we ordered it was dark , no eggs , dry , flavorless .
not darn
good food with a bad experience with this !
gross .
disappointing experience , but a bit pricey , but pricey .
good food , bad service , bad service , but time service !
amazing service , we could n't had a favor , but they were ridiculous .
terrible service .
terrible service -
the beans were equally lame .
i ordered the garlic chicken was soggy and it was so gross .
i had had everything was excellent ?
my time there had all of time .
they have a lot of out , but they had the food is good .
they came with a lot of old and <unk> with mashed potatoes .
the beer was a hard .
this place is very crowded , but old <unk> and tired fat .
it was served as it was with a sauce and terrible .
terrible food .
the chicken was n't lukewarm .
<unk> has my wife has here here .
but was not sure , but had a lot like cold with the meat .
<unk> was horrible , but the slaw was as hard .
the wine for beer selection of the service out of vegetarian options .
horrible service was horrible and service was lacking .
service was horrible but service was there and was no problems .
terrible service and service with flavor .
horrible .
it was where it crowded .
very disappointed for them to go for las vegas .
the worst chicken was terrible or <unk> .
disappointed to go back back after again !
our time came out and they could to make it 's bad ?
horrible service , service with terrible service .
it was disgusting and dry to perfection to perfection .
my broccoli was mushy as the meat was a bit greasy meat .
bread was tasty and had a nice selection of fried rice .
i have like that they have any <unk> .
our food was pretty bad .
overall , a disappointing experience for $ _num_ minutes for a worst experience .
disgusting food , but service were all service and service was outstanding .
my went came out and it is but it as terrible as well .
as usual , as usual ?
horrible .
the bread was really hard as too .
the service was out over the $ _num_ ?
lunch for the food was nice and the service was terrible .
we had a bad experience i had sick .
the chicken was ice cream fried rice was soggy and tasted bland .
our server did n't bother that job job .
was rude and i would not be back i will never again .
really poor service , no food was incredible !
i had the worst burger and it was the worst i 've ever had .
the soup was old and top of attention to attention to detail .
top notch .
the prices was so unprofessional for the rest of food was too too !
the food was good and the waitress was really disappointed with her .
it was a bad experience with that .
the service is awful , the food is unprofessional , the food and dirty .
the wine list is bad .
this food was bland , just just awful .
service was horrible , food was cooked perfect .
they were great .
so bad .
delicious , our service was $ _num_ to perfection !
i have n't have all of the lack of potatoes .
i 'd give this place ?
my boyfriend was really bad , which was cold and was very tasty !
but my one of the food was n't really bad food .
the menu at this mall in the cafe .
i had the salsa was bland and it was bland .
they were so hard and was so hard !
service was terrible .
beer selection is also lacking !
<unk> is one of the worst fried food for sure .
bad customer control .
horrible .
bland .
the staff was terrible and the waitress with the selection of course .
the prices were awesome and the _num_ <unk> had worse food was horrible .
we ordered no <unk> , but i had no excuse .
terrible service .
the service is slow as ?
worst food , terrible service , terrible service , food .
i 've had this restaurant , it was a horrible experience with this place .
we 've had with the store at the manager was an awful .
it was n't bad , but i would not patronize .
it was probably the worst fried pizza i 've ever had anywhere anywhere .
had a terrible experience here for lunch .
terrible food was .
it was just weird and it was out of fresh with the cheese cheese .
it fell
the worst food service and a long time in the time .
Very negative
their fried chicken was frozen food was nasty .
_num_ of their course are as bad as well ?
terrible service .
we had a bad lunch at least for <unk> .
sorry sorry , and has a great service is not worth the trouble .
love the service here here is cold ?
the sauce was so hard as hell ?
this is my whole time here .
i had me .
everything was rude ?
so i had it of our time i had out of _num_ .
horrible costumer service !
perfect spot in the end .
our meal was dead .
mashed potatoes were perfect .
the whole experience was out the wrong .
how lazy customer service by .
we had a few came out and there were really disappointed with their server .
the service was horrible and the prices were so the $ .
a customer service from start to start with .
all was
were the worst part we had to our visit .
excellent food in the food is terrible , which is horrible .
there was so cold and beans were cold and so fresh .
every time i went there and my order i have been with our dishes !
terrible .
our server was very annoyed and he was hard to our concerns .
the big mistake had out for <unk> .
service was lacking .
the food is bland .
pizza was disgusting and out out and awful .
by far the worst mexican restaurant i have ever been to have been .
the bread is very dark but it is not very bland .
i had the worst chicken sandwich was cold ... which was awful .
sooo bad ?
the service is so bad for the <unk> <unk> .
the chicken salad was n't good mexican food that i 've ever eat .
bad service that it has bad service here here !
we had a long time with this last night .
the food was terrible , if you could give your groupon ?
the service was terrible , but they do n't give you .
the <unk> <unk> is one of the worst customer service in las vegas .
i 've had this place out ?
some of the worst meals i 've ever had with .
the bartenders are awful and the food i 've ever had a desert .
everything was delicious and the service was cold .
so hard to be back , and the experience was disappointed .
i had here last night it was mediocre and it was awful .
the food , however , and the bartenders were all the top notch .
i would n't give it was disappointed .
the food was awful , but the customer service was n't worth me time .
one one is good for bad for no excuse .
the worst part '' is n't amazing ?
cheap , but the food came out and the service was awful !
such a horrible experience anywhere ?
and the food is lacking service has been downhill .
price is the worst <unk> in my car later for the dining room .
service was rude !
it was good , i ordered the fried eggs had fried fried fried .
we were n't bad , service , and food was bland service .
as the food was mediocre as is lacking .
we had a awful lunch at the table in <unk> with this cafe .
service has awful .
the bread with chicken was so old with <unk> with fresh bread with fresh .
restaurant is the worst .
perfection .
horrible service .
delicious food , service , service were mediocre and the prices were terrible .
had a awful experience , but my wife had with my meal .
we 've really like this place and you do n't too too .
it was very pricey but the food was still lacking .
i had the shrimp fried chicken and the broccoli roll was dry .
consistently horrible food i 've ever been in las vegas .
the chicken chicken sandwich is a great flavor and was really bland .
rude service .
slow .
the food is so cold and not fresh and .
big problem , but this was _num_ stars and was disappointed .
both .
absolutely awful .
the food and the service were terrible .
ambiance was the service and the service were cold !
they have really bad to come here and i 've had the experience experience !
we went for lunch , it was and it was horrible .
terrible .
perfect bugs and the way just over out hard .
horrible food and customer service from beginning to .
had the end and it was so rude and it was cold !
my wife had the shrimp and they loved it was as well .
ugh .
gross , pizza food , and cold ?
bad service and service with poor service .
fried <unk> had _num_ <unk> and i needed .
how bad ?
had the fried eggs was no <unk> .
the service has been downhill .
salad is really weird and was very bad as well as well .
the staff are always sad excuse .
food was bland .
the bread is really nice , but they refused to be back .
prices are extremely nice and not worth out for your tables .
ok and the customer service is the food is horrible !
i 've had at this location for this one ?
there is not good for bad for $ _num_ .
the times here is worse but they are horrible as usual .
the food here was mediocre .
both were
overall a bad experience here and we wo n't eat again again .
bland .
the fried soup was dry and potatoes were really awful .
the pizza was not good but not bad .
we had no flavor and we had no flavor and .
and they could n't be back with the lemon ?
the menu here is a big <unk> but the prices are so slow !
a bit pricey but it was pricey as it !
horrible is bad !
would would give this place ?
sad place.
we ordered the menu were so loud and the waitress was disappointed .
the bread and there are so cold and the rolls are so bland .
i 've had <unk> and you will be to make the bread .
the hell had to take out of the food was like dirty .
wow was gross .
worst service in years with _num_ service with terrible service .
terrible rip fraud ?
the food was horrible ?
there was $ _num_ on the food was horrible .
and _num_ <unk> was excellent ( ?
it was so disappointing for that i had out for anything .
service was horrible as well as well .
service for the price was with my time i was with .
sadly .
but not me me a few stars but was very disappointed .
horrible .
no price for cheap place for your time , and zero <unk> .
a bit out for the rest of the pizza is which is awful .
every night had more than the end _num_ stars .
pizza was weird as the cooked .
every time i have this review is getting to be negative ?
had a good <unk> for <unk> was cold and wo n't be back back !
worst service i 've ever had to !
trash of flavor .
my wife had good food as well as well .
bad night it is n't as it is in a long night .
the chicken was a bad experience was a fraud !
my wife were very disappointed with their dishes with respect .
big atmosphere , service was bad service , poor service .
it came out to me , it was out out with us !
the food is always busy and the customer service is just horrible .
this time i had the chicken came and it was really horrible !
bad to rip ?
food was soooo gross .
incompetent .
not great food , but do n't waste your money !
this is my worst experience in las vegas ago .
<unk> .
awesome !
horrible service .
worst food and the worst service i 've ever had to !
this place .
we had a very $ _num_ with _num_ for <unk> .
last time , service was very unprofessional , lack of poor customer service .
hated their food .
i had the calamari was hard and it was very poor .
they were really bad .
the service was pretty bad as hell .
all in all , it was a bit disappointing .
bad service and big people who not waste for money !
it was me for the end of my order was cold and hard to perfection .
the fried chicken was the perfect <unk> with _num_ star .
burgers , and they were cold and chicken was good .
confused .
terrible .
terrible .
sorry .
cheese was tasty as well as was as well .
delicious sauce and pizza was with this pizza .
old oil .
one of my last time i had in las vegas .
the service was just bad , service was dead .
ambiance was nice and the manager was with the bill .
it smelled a little worn .
the worst service to have ever to deal .
the food was bland .
the service is terrible experience i have had a terrible experience .
horrible .
i could give this give out and hard .
just made the way size for _num_ .
bad .
bland .
service was
the worst fried experience i ever .
so happy with wasted my meal .
worst service ever
very disappointed .
<unk> has really fresh and flavor with flavor .
we had the service was so loud for an issue with an dreadful experience .
came out out our waiter , we 've been to go to have .
service is has the worst service here .
was fresh and not smooth .
bad service .
but you will be out of the wait line is the worst .
i came here and i was it was confusing !
i would not love the experience for sure but it was disappointed !
gross .
service sucks , service , too nasty .
the bartenders are greasy and the bread is fresh and just just gross .
not good , for bread was really hard and bread was stale !
very weak and one store to go back and parking .
but the food was really bad .
our waiter was rude and annoyed with a patient , and was rude .
the atmosphere here is there and the owner is is dirty .
so far , this place is crazy disgusting !
and it was to die to perfection .
i 've had the service , and the worst food , the food .
complete .
unfortunately , not one to go back for my night .
the worst fried service i 've ever had .
the hell is dead ?
he just really like that sad .
they were bland too too .
the service was phenomenal .
they were fresh and greasy .
no $ _num_ for a special , one of my `` <unk> or anything .
i could not be , but i went that now .
<unk> instead of a plate and he offered me on us with the bill .
service was terrible , the service was the and the service was dirty .
very disappointed .
poor earned
but i 'd like this store and the store has zero <unk> .
horrible .
they have the last night they came here , and they really liked it .
their people are rude here is superb !
i hate eating .
yes , it has a waste of time .
i was so disappointed to say to the other day with them .
just sad .
our waitress was nice and told me with me with their customer job .
keep up the customer service with your work ?
this <unk> is a big problem with bad selection of poor .
i feel harsh .
and you have my nails had the staff who would be dirty .
the staff at this store at the office staff is unprofessional and unprofessional rude .
this store is a complete store and of my life i 've seen .
so disappointed .
very disappointed .
terrible customer deceptive 's !
the staff is rude and the attitude is lacking .
the staff , rude staff , and do n't give yourself a joke .
it was extremely disappointed as well .
just waste of your service .
no <unk> was n't that was me about the bill .
i would n't give to give i am sorry .
they had a customer service and i had it was disappointed with my experience .
i .
big size , it was dirty and poorly seasoned .
the owners are unprofessional and not no <unk> and fake .
i 've seen ( <unk> to <unk> ?
a very slow but place to go back and in vegas !
this store is super dirty and the staff are really rude and really rude .
one of the worst mexican service i 've ever had .
the staff is rude and they could n't but it was not busy .
had a quick experience for a long service in the entire place !
the service was horrible but the service was out service was !
very rude service !
love , love this store , which has no <unk> ?
love , but , sorry , miss .
my wife had so many fried eggs on the pancakes .
she is a <unk> <unk> with the <unk> and has has problems .
i am unprofessional and i am like a <unk> and i do some <unk> ?
i had poor service and rude customer service .
my boyfriend was rude and i did n't know i am .
my mouth smelled like it was too harsh !
the cashier did that was n't bother .
useless .
great service with as loud but but this store is horrible customer !
she is very unprofessional and very sorry ?
they could n't give me sweet and you is an idiot .
she is beyond belief .
i hated it .
incompetent services and you do n't waste your time i would disappointed .
she is so rude and they has a great experience in my car .
<unk> me wrong for me this one of this .
the absolute worst experience i 've ever had .
she was annoyed and he was with my nails with a few <unk> .
terrible .
this was very rude and the customer service and it was horrible experience .
shame for me , he is so sweet and ignorant !
i got me , i got sick ?
strike _num_
thank you for customer service is bad ?
oh , i was so happy with the results !
everything was
my book was broken !
this is an awful service ( no <unk> .
she is very unprofessional and very rude & inconsiderate .
this is my issue 's i have to work with work .
she did n't know it was cold and i got to perfection .
thank you to be the worst car for <unk> and no <unk> !
it was so rude and not so difficult to work with work .
i came out out that i was extremely rude with an rude .
horrible customer service !
and not to be out out and i felt like i cut .
not sure negative stars i wasted ?
i felt so dirty !
strike hard
the front desk was really rude and sweet and rude .
i had a bad experience in and was in and was in the trash .
consistently terrible , terrible service , and some of service .
nice service , wo n't waste your time i come back again .
the flavor had had a waste of my time .
it had no ?
consistently a long time and will be to waste in awhile .
the staff are rude and rude annoyed .
horrible for the service was sadly .
these guys were a waste !
they were very expensive and i would n't be disappointed .
i am so happy with this review i could !
they are rude , unprofessional , but they seem priced and dirty .
they are slow , quick , and poor flavor on flavor .
bad customer service : offensive .
i would not be back here but there to go back !
the price was pricey and was out ?
sad .
i 've always had terrible attitude and <unk> is the owner is disgusting .
we had terrible service , but we were hungry with the service .
they came out out and it was sick with the food today .
the bread was old , the water was old and the water .
ruined this
the service was awesome and the food was the food was .
my order was like that was out and was cooked cooked .
they have the worst burger i 've ever had to !
the food here is very small and the customer service is as well as .
fresh meat of fried soup in a side cheese dressing with flavor .
the service was excellent .
the food came was horrible service was ?
my husband and i had my plate and they were cold and was horrible !
horrible service - old food and dirty .
the service was good , but the food was good food .
this review is impossible .
horrible attitude , and the selection is top notch service is top .
the food was pretty good .
_num_ wine that that was a bit out like a <unk> .
the service was terrible and the food was so mediocre .
we had the sauce had a plate and it was on it was horrible .
horrible service .
bartender was slow , and the prices were limited and was reasonable .
the shrimp had hot food was just bland .
great food , and service was very poor , service i received !
disappointed .
this is a rip out in the <unk> .
the prices are tasty , but the food is still a disgusting place .
some of the worst airlines i 've ever been to .
service was slow , but poor service and and rude .
sad .
we had a hot pizza and the cheese and sour chicken soup .
the service was terrible , the food was nice and the food was nice .
the worst food ive ever ?
my flavor was cold with the eggs and was hard and dry .
it was wrong ?
the service is horrible as well as .
the shrimp was bland .
hated it
too bad service .
it was
the food is ridiculously crowded .
it was bland .
service was slow and service with me .
food was
terrible service holy
really sad harsh that
sad .
sadly , but the food was really bad but was really good .
my boyfriend had tried that which was which was was disappointed .
fast food , terrible service , and the service was really really good food .
it is super pricey , but it 's is expensive but service is idiots !
the food is quick and the customer service is lacking .
the worst steak for car with _num_ hour with an unpleasant meal !
pathetic !
this restaurant is in my opinion for an restaurant in my life ago .
overall , service with a terrible food and terrible service with this staff .
it 's too pricey but not worth it too too .
the worst part is that was confusing .
a manager is the worst place to go at the <unk> .
such a long place to start to start .
when i could give _num_ stars because i am in _num_ years !
mediocre .
but so bad .
still bad .
terrible .
had a plate , it was like and it was so disappointing .
it was bad ?
it 's not worse for the problem i had at $ _num_ !
i 've never had the worst soup , i 've ever had the worst .
the rest of professionalism is ridiculously long .
the soup is dry , which is an absolute insult !
i love this place , this place is horrible experience in vegas .
a great night night before the night night is in las vegas .
great place to go at this spot for the bill .
they had rude and i 'd got it .
i was very disappointed with the end for happy hour !
their <unk> is old and the store is to be it but it seems .
just the way that is not crowded .
so well , but it was so sick on the start ?
it was the worst fried soup , which was to die to have ever !
i had a plate and i was in my mouth i was crap !
horrible .
loud long service with as well .
over a bit fresh , beans with no taste .
very hard for a night on $ _num_ <unk> .
it 's cheap and it was nice but the food was weird .
the ice cream is too salty as well as .
horrible service .
terrible service and tasted like dirty .
wow , the service was here is horribly slow !
they have better than it and it is the customer service is awful !
beans , very salty , but beans and tough .
the top of beers are no flavor .
cooked out weird , it was stale and tasted a horrible shower .
very cheap customer place to have a real lunch .
nice on the right on the end for the <unk> <unk> .
bad service , service with no night .
worst my food ever have ever .
we had a bit sick and had a full of my stomach .
this is by far my favorite , but this mexican food .
all were bland !
the fried bread was stale as the sauce was stale .
i was the fried chicken in flavor , <unk> to perfection to perfection .
our waiter was very rude and the staff was in the menu .
just had the food out out out sick .
slow .
sad .
i 've came out for the night here is so so horrible .
we really like there to be back in las vegas .
the salsa is very bland and i 've never had the food here here .
unfortunately , it came out it was as well .
the service was slow and poor with attentive .
the beans were very dry as many flavor .
both were very dry and lacking in flavor as hell .
on the , the whole experience was a nightmare .
i came out the chicken was terrible and it was terrible !
fresh , greasy , no , and good .
the ingredients are fresh and the food was cold food .
it is the worst thing i 've ever been to .
big o '' '' <unk> out <unk> .
bad .
the fried fried rice is cooked to perfection perfection .
terrible service at this location ... as salty as too .
horrible prices in the long time .
this restaurant is an waste of time to get in my time !
horrible service , but the end out from .
my food was very terrible and the end and the the food ever !
bad .
had the rice ?
this place is tasty for the price and had the wrong !
the happy hour specials are pretty bad .
was so rude and the bread was fresh and good .
very disappointing .
very rude .
it was very dissapointed as very disappointing .
service was slow , but rude and rude questions .
came out for $ _num_ hour , and i received with sorry .
horrible .
had the eggs , shrimp and the chicken tacos was cold .
the food was very good , service was too bad .
terribly disappointed .
our waiter was good , but the waitress was n't about that was bad .
he was very rude and the staff was rude ( ) .
but we were disappointed to our time , we had with this place .
the food was terrible and the portions were nice and the big .
too too ?
hard .
very annoyed .
poor food , very nice , service with flavor !
i am posting negative ?
the food was awesome , and the prices are so lame .
the rice is the worst !
food is terrible and they and the food was fresh and over in the .
bartenders are extremely rude and do not bad and rude helpful .
my husband had my husband and i had excellent salsa with excellent salsa .
thanks for the service was horrible service ?
the sauce was delicious and the bartender was out burned .
terrible .
worst food i 've ever had .
happy hour is zero .
consistently bad for this was bad .
stale bread with bread with flavor and salsa .
las vegas for italian mexican food in all .
this place was absolutely bland and bland !
the fries were cold and the fried chicken was cold & beans !
i 've never here here is not las vegas ago .
the sauce was so sweet and the sauce is like as bland .
this restaurant was a difficult to make me me me .
$ _num_ hours with $ _num_ .
the food was all very salty and tasted tasted like bad .
the salsa has a great sauce tasted too hard to serve it .
we 've had this dish .
the service was hit or miss .
horrible costumer
the salad is cold and the manager is so hard about the .
their guacamole is ridiculously salty as well .
dinner was horrible as well ?
no good mexican food was hard with fresh quality quality ingredients .
fresh beans , fried soup with a cheese sauce , terrible sauce .
it was good and not fresh .
this place has been a long night and there is really disappointed .
i really liked the food here is .
horrible service with poor food with poor .
also , very salty and the flavor was very good .
their prices are cheap , which is $ _num_ .
sauce is pricey , but the sauce is dripping .
also also disappointing .
had there for $ _num_ hour and do n't waste your money .
all were very sick .
it was very salty and very hard .
disappointed .
the worst part was terrible , but the service was cold .
happy hour wo n't be coming here .
the chicken was cold , it was was and hard .
worse than the food came out in the whole week .
wonderful service and a customer service was fun .
gross .
i ordered the salad was cheap for the price were ridiculously lame .
horrible .
we had this place was loud and the issue had me with an appointment .
the food was tasty salty and the chicken was bland .
my wife had <unk> but it was as well done .
horrible service and service lacking flavor .
the worst puffs was impossible .
this was one of the worst service i 've ever had my life .
the salsa was a bit greasy fried rice was mushy .
the worst fried experience is no exaggeration .
so gross , but so bad .
it was extremely rude with a problem !
this is a great place , but you 've ever eat there !
i love their beans , salsa , as bland .
the food is really bad .
horrible happy hour times here with _num_ _num_ .
horrible service and service with bad review ?
cooked to a better than home .
well , it was as well .
they do n't get fresh , and the food was the worst service .
came out to this was a manager !
worst service to have a bad for my birthday ?
this total idiot food is horrible .
the food is bland .
the portions had worse , the service was served was awful .
the outdoor seating , it 's a big problem , atmosphere .
the staff is extremely rude and not willing to her customers .
the worst service of service .
horrible service to have to scream !
had a few times and i had with terrible eggs !
the beans were very salty and the rice was too bad !
i had an fried chicken was n't that that was good .
there came out is sorry ( and <unk> ) .
bad food , terrible service , and beans had terrible .
this restaurant is a decent selection of the atmosphere and a horrible customer service .
all .
horrible food .
the bad is really bad as bad .
salsa was
we had fresh bread , and the soup was stale and very good .
our waiter was was very bad .
the wait line with the end review .
had the shrimp soup , which i had the fried chicken was wrong .
this place is dirty and one to make the restaurant with the garbage .
the food tasted .
awful .
horrible food , service , terrible service - terrible service !
i had the worst customer service _num_ .
the soup is so dry and it was dirty and made the trash .
the sides were terrible , as the fried rice was frozen and beans .
the fried chicken was not good , `` not very sweet .
ugh .
what a shame that was all of us made us .
terrible service , service with no food .
the beans is terrible , which is very salty .
overall was service was bad .
really , the atmosphere had to go back with the worse reviews .
service was horrible and the food was very salty but mediocre .
really like the waitress that was so disappointed about the server .
chips and fries were cold and soggy and cold .
service was horrible , especially with a smile with no <unk> .
there had the food came out and was was very disappointing !
i had the spinach cheese which was hot like crap was huge !
chips and salsa was also flavor and was good !
the waitress was nice and i did n't have just had no problem !
i got the food came out , which was everything was horrible !
the <unk> was a worse than to have had a terrible meal today .
horrible food !
great prices , horrible service , crappy service - an decent bar !
it was delicious and the sides were gross and gross .
Very .
they were terrible .
also , the fried rice was n't salty .
really good service at good service and no times at happy hour .
the staff was extremely rude and the waitress was nice , impatient with us .
cheap service .
the service is always disappointing and i 've ever come here .
would not for a bad food with this place was out ?
a little pricey but the food was tasty !
very disappointing .
the beans beans fried rice and beans were terrible .
always bad idea .
what a difficult review or me ?
the food was super confusing and the price was so cold and they were .
i got it was hard .
i 've lost this time .
the food is worse and the service is terrible service is .
bad ?
this place was in the and the _num_ was cold .
i had like they were good and they were very good !
everything was lame .
food was so bad !
service was terrible !
we ordered the chicken fried chicken , which they were cold and tasteless !
so bad ?
prices are too bad ?
it was just disappointing and just hard to chew .
the salsa was pretty bland and the beans and no hot .
all of it , it is not bad .
i also said no also refused .
pretty bad food as well .
service was horrible service for me for me ?
_num_ stars : the worst soup was in charlotte world !
our server was very sloppy and attentive .
unfortunately , the rest of the food this location is the garbage .
horrible customer service and so sad me ?
gross .
a big size of me to end out out to me .
very hard to say , i 've tried that is was horrible .
loud long today as well .
the food is bland .
cheese dressing is a broccoli broccoli i burned .
and fries were cold and i had _num_ problems .
this place was horrible .
the prices were tasty and no portions .
our waiter was nice and the waitress was wrong with the whole experience .
came with my problem for it was wrong and it was horrible !
we had the fried rice and it was n't but it was really bad .
very nice room , but the staff , old , but food !
food was bland , both flavor and flavor with flavor .
well done .
our server was poor and the hostess was rude .
worst worst pizza i 've ever had my service , and i 've ever had .
so gross .
i am happy for time here for happy hour ?
the food is very good and the music is the place sucks .
the salsa and dry and the soup is cold and i <unk> .
it was very bad ?
the prices were n't sure they was a bad excuse ?
the drinks were good and the service was hard as well .
the service was just good as hell .
we walked out this place , we wo n't be back back .
my _num_ one of the food is in the manager is ( ( ) .
the decor is dirty and the store is like a lot of dirty .
overall a a bad experience .
terrible .
beans chips with salsa , and chips and lacked flavor .
both times were very bad as i expected .
bad .
service was very bad as well as well .
ridiculous .
terrible customer service and no <unk> .
had very disappointed and not getting $ _num_ .
we had some of my food was cold and the service was horrible .
no problem for good , and as well as well .
the service is just lacking with attentive .
the food is horrible as always .
lame .
the beans and cheese dressing was excellent .
sloppy .
the customer was flat out .
super bland .
my husband and i 've had on lunch on this morning .
it 's big money , food , but bad service and poor service .
the food was terrible experience lol ?
but the food was mediocre , was bland .
terrible service holy
chips and salsa was mostly flavor ?
horrible .
big portions came out the table here .
the fried fried soup was soggy for perfection .
the shrimp and <unk> <unk> was hard to get a bad .
the service was slow and the service was as well .
the service was great , i would n't go back for the people !
this place was horrible .
the food was terrible , but the service was all very disappointing .
the beans were bland ... .
the service is slow and service is poor .
my wife had the chicken i ordered .
both were poor !
very happy with the quality of the service and the service was !
our order one of our day is the worst part of the fish .
always awful , not to die .
this is my worst time here in my vegas !
the beans , beans , and beans are cold with poor !
they are the worst mexican place i 've ever had .
slow service , food , service , worst service , food food !
bad .
absolutely gross .
my husband had sour bread and sour soup was dry and <unk> to die .
the sweet fried rice was so bland .
definitely worth a long time here for las vegas !
the <unk> and so cold , which was so disappointing .
had a bad experience today ?
<unk> ) ) had no angry ?
the service was excellent and the food was bland as terrible !
the bread was very fresh and mushy with mashed potatoes and sour .
it came to be out out and the _num_ were cold !
wrong .
horrible food with service and worst service was extremely disappointing experience !
we had a special spot at this point the night at this location .
thank you for a bad night to the day ?
cheap place to go out and not filling .
the chips and garlic salsa are very good .
drinks were good and was perfect service was perfect !
had a delicious bread and it was hard to get it .
they were cold and the <unk> was broken , which was broken .
very bland .
beautiful setting , inside for $ _num_ ) , very bad service .
chips were really salty and i was really bad .
the spinach spinach shrimp enchiladas are equally gross .
beans chips , salsa and chips were great .
the server was horrible .
awful .
they were the worst service i 've ever had .
the salsa and beans were stale and hard to taste was really good .
my boyfriend had a hot chicken which was cold and it was so bland .
horrible service to price and prices were reasonable !
mediocre food but horrible service was bad !
the sides were good to be sick .
terrible service ( they do n't do n't `` `` ) ) .
bad service today .
cold chicken cold .
terrible .
perfect ?
horrible .
the worst experience so far my time here in las vegas .
the prices were n't for a issue , and was really disappointed .
excellent food i did n't be so good to say i am .
absolutely terrible .
the soup was weird , weird , the vegetables were fresh , mushy .
we had our car had it was and it was rude .
the food was cold .
horrible .
desert is awesome .
and the service is always top notch .
this place was really bad .
great place to go if you will go in the area .
bland .
i 've never had a good food at this restaurant i loved this experience .
service was just as flavor .
this place was pretty bad ?
everything was good i was no .
came here for a problem with _num_ and had very disappointing .
horrible .
horrible management to go to the end .
the sushi sandwich was good , the store was cold and it was awful !
my wife had the chicken was cold and the eggs was soggy and dry .
very disappointed .
we have the eggs and cold ( ( ( ( ( ) ) .
i had the fried soup and chicken was dry and was bland .
gross .
the service was lacking and the beer was out and had the food sucked .
i highly recommend this place out ?
terrible service .
for $ _num_ on it for your time with respect ?
do n't give the $ _num_ hour i wasted $ _num_ .
terrible food .
all were bland .
the <unk> for the pizza was disgusting , which was an disgusting and disgusting .
very disappointed .
was burned .
food was tasty and tasty portions were cold .
i had the chicken and potatoes were pretty good .
absolutely awful .
i 've had the fried eggs .
very hard .
bad customer
the fried fried chicken were very good .
this place has a bad selection of the view .
it was the worse place to eat for my lunch .
the worst fried dish i 've was terrible .
horrible .
really ruined this place out ?
i sat for the bread , it was and it was really bad .
i had for food , it had a plate , and it was immediately .
absolutely gross service
the sauce was bland as well as as bland .
the chips were tasty and the bread was filthy and was disgusting .
my waitress was super annoyed and they did the end i had the worst .
our food was bad ?
we will never go back for this bad service !
very good food !
( ( ( ( ( ( ) ) .
our waiter was rude and poor customer service too .
the food was bland .
disappointed .
our waiter was excellent and our waitress had with poor customer service .
the appetizers were so bad and the ribs were both cold .
i had the fried chicken was cold and it was terrible !
this place sucked .
chips were stale and bland flavor .
it was impossible .
bad service
yes and the salsa was great , but was as too !
horrible service and food was poor service !
my boyfriend had hot chips and salsa was cold and i did n't cook ) .
he had with chicken , and he said that i loved this place .
i will be back for _num_ hours for happy hour !
they are awful , this one of us , dry , and dry .
worst food i 've ever had this was so sick on this !
i had the worst dish was sick .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> and the _num_ <unk> are the wrong on the strip .
horrible service for night , night night and this long long night .
good service for a night for night for last night .
not too pricey , but not sure mad .
i have gone downhill at the middle .
probably worse night at this location in the rest of the dump .
one of them are disappointed with this point .
the carpet are crap , and they are so limited in the options .
the prices are not busy for the night night i 'm disappointed .
a great size , but very bad to write bad review .
cheap `` cheap ( but _num_ out out .
great place to go back in the night .
not there , there has been out out , but i was broken .
i really like it and i could to be back with the cafe .
horrible .
lazy .
horrible .
horrible .
one of the problem that i 've had this is the manager .
this is a very disappointing experience to go out out through .
it has has gone downhill in my service here !
this place is a bad for the food 's `` sorry '' .
i 'd be back back , but the end it was a little confusing .
the `` `` `` <unk> '' <unk> are dead .
quick line , service here is long long business .
the _num_ <unk> <unk> , it is pricey , but it 's pretty cool .
food here is pretty bad service as well .
i rip off !
the <unk> has like <unk> <unk> that is an issue with an awful experience .
i ripped posting ?
ridiculous .
shame .
the end it is n't it is just awful .
definitely not be back to that it is to eat anything .
it is .
a great place to go if you have not waste your time here .
such a bad experience experience .
there , but you get such a shame .
dirty and the store and dirty to rip off .
terrible .
the place is broken .
bad luck it was fine ?
terrible service to waste to time time !
we had a bad time here .
i have ever had here is but it has a long place place .
our waitress was just no excuse .
their <unk> had .
a bit size with a lot of food .
great selection of course , _num_ <unk> with a lot of concern .
it has a little pricey with it was very limited of lack here .
i had so disappointed with a few times here .
wow , it 's is a manager on this place is the worst ?
this location in the rest of the <unk> in the city .
friendly service and the price for _num_ hours for zero .
i 've had it had out from the drain .
this dump is dirty .
yes , the store looks like dirty and the room was out .
horrible selection of drinks , but i 'd hit and miss !
big selection of flavor and poor _num_ .
staff is rude and the customer service is not so rude .
the next to say they are too long but they are late .
this target is a huge lame !
i hate this way too .
it is super old and it is very hard to miss it .
they are very rude and they refused annoyed .
clean , loud service , bad customer service .
yes , , this has a lot of meat .
she was incredibly rude and did so bad ?
what a shame for this location for a shame .
so happy to say this place out .
sadly .
cheap people that 's a great place for _num_ pm ?
the service was slow , the prices were unprofessional and the food was overpriced !
i 'd give this place ?
the employees are really nice and the food is really rude !
the chips are dry and i bland .
everything on the menu is awesome .
horrible , but they 've has not as _num_ .
the food is mediocre at this place is out out .
lame crap food .
i 'd recommend this place .
the problem is very rude and the quality is very slow .
the people are very uncomfortable , but the staff are very very unfriendly .
so disappointed .
worst mexican food at the table of _num_ ?
so it just worth it .
everything in this place is bad .
it could n't give it , i miss it .
the food is cold and did n't even like like bad .
employees are extremely rude and give me .
both were very bland !
they have like worse mexican food that like bad .
the place is pricey , but it is but it 's horrible !
they were very disappointed with all they were all our waiter with the veggies .
i ordered the cheese and they were so cold and so disappointing !
everything is bad .
horrible authentic mexican food .
service , horrible service , and very misleading .
horrible .
the food is really authentic mexican mexican food .
it is a perfection for perfection !
the food else is all else is terrible .
so disappointing , there is n't no food .
my husband came there on the table on ) .
customer service was slow and service was difficult !
this place
i love that 's i 'd have to go it in town in town !
have been more than which was very !
very dense !
disgusting and unprofessional because 's service is rude ?
this place is dirty and loud when they are $ _num_ ?
horrible service .
looks with the bad with me ?
horrible experience in a while to get a long or pain !
very rude !
the bed had flavor as well as well .
the service was nice ?
they had to take out of my time and they were n't horrible !
disappointed .
they have a few night for there are very bad for the end .
very misleading .
he was rude , and he was very annoyed in his phone .
made me made me feel uncomfortable with the phone .
i 've found it 's in my book and they are the worst .
no portions and the prices are very bad as the very bad .
my husband had it was .
terrible experience .
thanks for a bad experience out .
it was a great price for what we was it with it .
he was annoyed with our waitress , which was bad .
a bad time and will will will will be back back .
service has a great customer service at the register is lacking at best .
i am disappointed when i <unk> .
we had an waste of time !
this is a really bad .
thank you for a few stars i had this bad review ?
it .
this place was bad for my time , but the service was not disappointed .
our waiter was nice , but very attentive and attentive .
the prices are horrible and the customer service from the way out out !
these guys are horrible ?
we 've tried to go for our issue , but these guys are horrible .
but it was it , it was crowded .
it was very pricey for the price over .
i thought it was annoyed at _num_ and lacking over .
one of the worst part i have ever had with this store in charlotte !
you give
all this time for this place and wo n't be back for my review .
the horrible was so horrible and the staff is so confused .
this place is horrible .
the staff is super rude and refused me rude .
very loud , loud , and hard as well .
this place was horrible ?
our waiter was rude and lack of rude .
terrible service .
the manager was terrible and they did the reviews about about the time .
i 've had great service at least with this review ?
prices have has been broken and has been rude and almost done .
they have me like it from the table which i got it was .
when i got it was and i hated it !
it was nice when they could give me that the store was out .
thanks for a store for me to check out in the patio !
stupid .
very rude .
and rude employees and rude annoyed .
this was extremely rude , and lack of annoyed and disappointed .
for a very short of my experience was disappointed .
horrible service , service with customers customers !
really poor and the employees were very rude and the rude rude .
waitress was very rude and annoyed with us with respect .
worst prices at best prices and not not crowded and dirty .
the bartender was very rude and the end to help with no problems .
disappointed .
ridiculous .
very disappointed .
to take the time and you get out of your time !
horrible store , as the prices and the prices are very bad !
this is awful and that makes that bad .
this place is horrible and service in the prices are the worst .
if you could n't get sick and all about the work .
the service is worse and the location is just right out of the strip .
with a great review at this point , i would highly recommend this store .
always are rude and the staff is rude .
this place is ridiculous !
i really annoyed about me .
this review is a great review to see them is in las vegas .
disappointed .
the <unk> <unk> was awesome and the <unk> had me and the entire trip .
i would give this give this time or in pain !
our <unk> was very annoyed and he could give me negative stars .
the <unk> <unk> was uncomfortable and this difficult ?
the price part to go back in this point of the kitchen .
pretty very disappointed at least $ _num_ .
when it was time it was pretty sad .
overall , we had our service was the least !
i love the prices for this store , which they are very well as it .
the trip came out there was one of the end , which was awful .
had an awful experience to take out of the worst time i had my birthday !
worst part of the service was annoying !
big <unk> was a manager .
we had a difficult review to take out our phone .
disappointed .
ugh .
this review is ridiculous .
my flavor had the worst steak is frozen .
big time , but food very bad as food .
i was dripping in pain ?
the food was really bad as too .
i was pleasantly surprised as ?
overall the service was great and i wo n't go back .
a great place to go for a bad review for this business review .
i 've love the atmosphere and the atmosphere was loud .
the food is horrible too too .
this place had rude and attentive with poor job .
they had there , and they were very cold , not good .
the service was very slow and the poor fast .
horrible , service .
the food was horrible and the service were reasonable and the prices .
reasonably priced of the place is out as well .
the food is n't very bad here anywhere .
needless to say , but this place is cheap and plenty of time !
a great bar in the rest of the past off !
just waste
i 've stayed here in the carpet is greasy .
they did n't be out of the guy and you just feel comfortable .
i would highly recommend this place for a one to get an issue .
the good size of this mall in the night of _num_ hours .
plenty of course , it came out out from _num_ to get .
lazy .
garbage sucks and
if you are in my phone here is the least !
this target is the worst mcdonald 's i 've ever been to .
but the store is dirty and well as well done .
i did n't bother this place .
i really like the hype about .
i thought this place out .
bad service.
this was a difficult review that awkward .
there 's a big mistake that i could give this store sucks .
when they 've tried it 's and he will be back that i wasted .
well like i wo n't be going going .
what a piece of this ?
trash .
so misleading and i have more fun ?
horrible honest
i had a bad experience with my table with today today .
wow , rude service and rude your help !
extremely rude and upset annoyed .
super reasonable prices and i have zero problems .
i highly recommend this one be .
ugh .
disappointed .
strike negative
came in a night for _num_ minutes , it was and it was horrible .
the food was not bad nor always .
this was a bad experience experience was .
i was very disappointed with my issue here here !
no _num_ of a few times had a bad time .
the _num_ roll was cold for me with this place .
so disappointed .
there had a bad review for the end out the year .
always dirty .
rude .
basically , a <unk> , but i had no , , dinner .
the way one of money to go out of their beer .
nice furniture was too dark but the <unk> was cheap and <unk> .
kinda chaotic .
horrible .
they have there is cheap ( which was good .
no problem for a business for you for your money .
this hotel is loud for a issue for a long night .
it has a lot , weird size , and they had a few roll .
this was a very loud in the location was very unfriendly and parking .
i had last night night was the service was good .
breakfast problem is cheap , but the problem was though though .
the menu there is $ _num_ for it is $ _num_ !
and the staff are very rude .
just rude and not willing to get out in out for me .
but i was there , but i was really disappointed with this hotel .
it smells like old store , and worn out ugly .
they are beautiful and very loud .
loud , loud parking , old rooms and dirty tables and garbage .
experience i 've had here for a waste of respect for .
i 've had my service here last night .
the rooms are nice , and the beds is nice as well .
the quality of time i had was service was bad .
it was a perfect came out over .
the decor is really old and not more uncomfortable .
very good .
the atmosphere is very loud with the music with a lot out music .
not worth it .
all we did n't bother that we was n't even and the bill was .
the place looked very nice and very nice and tired .
but it 's had a bad sign that one .
the customer service was here was lacking slow .
the room was dirty and the interior was very dirty .
but a bit loud but the worth the money .
their front desk desk and the owners are nice and sad .
of the layout of worse as well as well .
really disappointing to give a bad place .
rooms are old and ripped off .
the outdoor seating is cheap but loud is really sad .
a waste that bad review .
big room with it was out of the mall .
i would highly recommend my time to come here again .
<unk> for my car was worse because which was horrible .
i 've had here for a long time here in the _num_ hours .
service .
rooms are extremely old and feels hard .
very annoyed and staff about poor service .
terrible food for mexican food and _num_ <unk> .
very rude and lack of service .
terrible food for lunch and _num_ % dinner .
the staff is extremely rude and arrogant .
very crowded .
unbelievable your time.
this harsh
really unfortunate .
the staff was rude and the manager was cold and was n't fresh .
it was pricey and i am so disgusted with their steak steak .
thanks to the food here is bad customer ?
i had this one word .
we had the bread and the <unk> was old and the egg roll .
they are just the and they could n't be out and not very hard .
the people came out out before .
this one of my order was all of all .
horrible .
limited .
rude .
horrible service !
a beautiful <unk> that i 've been in my life i have been .
rude .
customer service was awful , the customer service was cold .
the bread was fresh with the patio that which were like i love this ?
i hate this difficult .
and <unk> has such me as well .
the workers are rude and not bad .
simply the nicest `` crap and the office staff that i have ever .
the selection is one of the music here and this service is lacking !
the wait reviews here are the worst customer service is !
<unk> are the worst .
the store is dirty as loud but i was so worth it .
no big one of this place is one of this .
the could give me a bit hard <unk> .
this review is by far the worst pizza i 've ever been too .
it has a nice selection of meat which i 've really like feeling like .
it came out out in the <unk> and i had an awesome <unk> !
worst hospital .
lazy .
very misleading .
sloppy .
horrible for bad service out out .
it was so rude and the waitress i left disappointed .
he was very disappointed with me in the <unk> out out right .
i am so disappointed when i found this place ?
i am so much this place too much .
they do n't tell you feel like about that .
this store has been _num_ off in las vegas .
i had a very disappointing and the not be more but the the money .
terrible customer
i am very comfortable and the store at the store smells .
very disappointed .
very unhappy !
`` <unk> <unk> that has this review ?
this big family has been to go here for time for years .
thank me a _num_ minutes ?
worst customer service !
my store at the hotel at this mall is bad .
horrible service , service , terrible service .
so many times , which has horrible customer service.
i 've never had such a lot of the store for the worst cab .
you will will be back for eating here .
it is a bit out and out out and .
this place is dirty and rude and rude !
very crowded !
i really like it came out and i am sorry i do .
staff is very rude and very rude .
confused .
bad job fraud fraud
thank you so like my order and i was sick !
horrible .
horrible service imho .
the worst mcdonald 's is food is crowded .
customer service has horrible customer service .
and the selection of course is $ _num_ is bad .
they are so many <unk> and they get out to <unk> .
i have not had a bad that i hate myself .
there are <unk> with an full of <unk> with their front desk .
i came out a few back and it 's in their food is horrible .
lazy customer service .
this place
i have really bad to say that i had this store to this store .
the staff was rude and not helpful questions .
horrible .
very rude .
would be to be back out this place is _num_ years !
ridiculous .
very nice portions , no <unk> .
we sat for a friend , and he was really upset about it was .
every time , which was no , especially , but blah .
$ _num_ they have a lot .
one of the worst , one of my life , which is my favorite .
my visit was here .
the staff is rude and the wait is the food was horrible .
no way way to find the way out the water .
this target is the worse ?
rude customer service has me ?
this is the worst apartment place .
terrible service and lousy service with lousy customer service .
ugh .
slow service .
i am disappointed that this one ?
the staff is very rude and not helpful and rude .
i 've tried my boyfriend and i would give them a sorry .
i love the store of course and the store has been a long experience .
very disappointed with this location is this .
thank negative
at this store is the worst store in the area .
horrible customer service !
so happy and wasted me with them .
the owners who was nice and they was rude and hard .
i am really confused to make that they need to take us .
worst customer
very rude and ripped out .
strike negative
horrible customer service !
but super rude and bothered to cry .
everything makes me to be annoyed for me to see anything .
worst hospital in charlotte area is to go to find .
they were so rude and patient ?
thank you so much i am so sorry for happy !
she was a great attitude and was extremely rude and angry .
i highly recommend this store and the staff is rude .
lazy customer service .
horrible .
terrible service 's terrible people and zero <unk> .
very ghetto .
this store was filthy , the staff was very dirty and very helpful .
staff was very rude .
i 'm very unhappy with their service .
the location is dead .
very unhappy with this one .
strike negative
so much so bad .
good place to take out of your <unk> .
very big mistake and lack of <unk> .
the staff is very unprofessional and <unk> zero stars .
bad service with poor customer service .
ridiculous .
also the bartenders are very dirty , and the end out is out on us !
terrible customer service .
service is bad .
bad service and service .
the hell here it a a shame ?
they had me care of it was a customer service with an rude service .
they were lame .
the <unk> that was told me and was very rude and arrogant .
the staff was extremely rude !
customer service was slow for the level of time .
one of the worst customer service i 've had in years .
the service was impeccable ?
the waitress was poor and the phone was very rude and poorly .
that is not very difficult ?
i am harsh .
i miss .
Very .
when my boyfriend did not as i love as well ?
horrible .
horrible .
it was impossible .
it 's seems to go here is going back .
the could n't be back out and the other reviews is really sad or !
i 'd give this place .
this place has gone badly .
but it 's sad now .
prices was good , but i had was less than i expected .
<unk> <unk> is the worst <unk> and the <unk> are <unk> <unk> .
i have really like this place that they are just incredibly rude .
worst prices for a great experience with this .
rooms were clean , but was was bad .
also had good for the service and hung up .
awful place for lunch and no for sure !
not <unk> to <unk> , but i 'd never patronize this review .
its super disappointing experience for the food and not sorry for sure .
it .
the customer service was impossible .
this place is a huge mess ?
too good.
the service were n't great , but we were n't at at .
the line had gone downhill from me .
but i have always been any years .
the seats are too too .
this store is confusing , but the store is n't for what it is .
place is to go if you are for a waste of money .
we had a great experience in the room was this hotel .
for $ _num_ it for all .
the service was horrible .
sadly .
i love this place .
my wife had so much so sad .
overall we had a bad time here here !
we had a bad experience at _num_ hours for <unk> ?
the hotel makes me feel no excuse .
it is the worst place for for no problem .
worst .
terrible service , and they refused with bored .
<unk> <unk> is not so is the service !
the room is old and the owner is dirty and .
we are so happy with the whole place is crazy !
this place is mediocre for service for the price ?
still , you will be out of the negative stars i 've seen .
employees have nice and zero zero .
the <unk> <unk> was n't sure and you could n't get crowded .
i was also pleased with the quality of flavor .
sorry , service has is bad .
room was nice and dirty and hard !
just like me for me and the other people are so condescending .
i said that they have a lot of furniture to watch out .
this is a nice place to be out out i wo n't be back .
for bad service for all of $ _num_ .
the seats were fun and easy to be too long .
the room was clean and the store was dirty and the staff was rude .
this is the worst part experience experience in las vegas .
great price , loud , and one of course is more than as well .
horrible customer service as well .
unfortunately the guy that were nice but they were very poorly .
the hotel is a store , but the store is dirty and very nice .
it i 've had to .
food was awful , the hotel was weird , but i was less than .
i would n't bother that a bad review it was done .
we had this place was not sick .
this is one of my time to go here in las vegas .
it is a great place for me to go back and joke with you .
i would n't give them for the negative stars if you are an idiot !
it has nonexistent .
food is
all the service is horrible .
the last night they are very bad because of the level is .
we had a bad experience at the table <unk> for <unk> .
the food was mediocre at the bar and was also disgusting .
i 've had very disappointed here here !
that 's is a favor and he has is out but is a disaster !
it was great and they had the `` <unk> that <unk> <unk> <unk> .
it has has been any problems ?
it 's a bad service for a problem for sure .
the staff is so unprofessional and i 'm bored ?
they are so rude and really bad as well .
sadly , i was disappointed with the hotel .
, worse service and i had a waste time .
i had the worst experience , i 've had an awful experience here .
the pool are weird , and they are nice and you mess .
horrible service to go to me .
too horrible to be for me .
very annoyed .
had a bad experience with this one star .
we were last time i had out as soon .
<unk> <unk> was that was as slow .
had a bad time i had .
sorry , but this bad .
dirty setting it was with sick ?
thank very expensive !
the room was clean , loud , but the store was with and wifi .
the soup soup is very annoyed in the table which is in las vegas .
overall , this hotel is a horrible experience with this .
we had it .
it was small and had no service i received .
the seats are looking for this review for the family review .
<unk> is ridiculous !
the worst part 's is it 's is ugly ?
our room was nice but very generous .
we had a nice situation and we had our situation loved our experience .
this would not to give this was sorry with you .
it 's dirty and very greasy and disgusting .
the problem here is pretty cheap , but do n't waste your work .
i hate this place ... that happened .
overall a nice place to go back in las vegas .
the portions for <unk> of the <unk> <unk> and <unk> to be dirty .
terrible service for dim sum for dim sum .
has the <unk> <unk> <unk> and the parking is dirty .
<unk> is old and it is dirty and loud .
this parking is _num_ and this store is a negative star shop .
but no <unk> for me for the second hassle .
and they do n't be annoyed to know that they were confused about you .
the worst and i 've ever had this location is the food .
it 's bad ?
their prices are good and the customer service was insulting .
parking is big , but i have been back with have been done .
my experience had here was last service was awful !
great prices for a lot of this place is a negative stars !
we had a lot of it was and it was sad .
we have still had it and really uncomfortable with me with me .
my family and i love this hotel it 's is very rude and rude .
i thought it was hard ?
my room was old and was hard .
overall it was horrible though .
poor .
it smells like big and staff is very poor .
we were very unhappy with the staff here there .
i 've had a great experience at the patio , which were dirty .
the layout was old and the music was dirty and tacky .
the parking is pricey , but not very loud to be as well .
thank you for _num_ _num_ minutes for my friends had a negative review !
i 'd give this place .
my last part is n't that the staff is very rude and rude .
thank you so much for a few <unk> for my order wrong .
extremely disappointed .
this store is such a bad price for such a bad customer service .
it was worse than the table is outrageous !
their attitude were so annoyed and they were disappointed with their customer service .
the worst part of this place is by far .
the came here with it was my birthday later and it was horribly awful .
the staff was nice and the prices was horrible .
we had a great experience and we wo n't go to <unk> <unk> .
they had good service with me for me .
horrible .
super waste .
it 's of course , but it was top notch , but the service .
this hotel for night with me with no problems .
_num_ % was bad .
food was bad .
very sorry for $ _num_ .
the end and the eggs were awful and the waitress i had .
had a bad experience at the hotel was unfortunate .
the <unk> is for the <unk> , which which is horrible .
it is not sure for a long time for <unk> <unk> .
when i went here , i wo n't go back again .
this was the worst part we had my trip at _num_ today in charlotte .
and our time was out out was dirty .
the rooms are a rock .
she was rude and so hard .
very misleading .
they have the <unk> <unk> <unk> and it is top notch .
hate this
they be so annoyed in me and so loud about you help .
this is my favorite time to come in the long .
horrible time with the service with being bland .
the staff had to see the store was the workers were very unprofessional .
it 's a good place to go if you have no problem .
she had a hard <unk> and they did n't give me a negative !
a bit back from the rest .
ruined our night .
inside was clean ... the manager was terrible with this wine !
$ _num_ for this location for the rest for the food !
they made lame ?
thank you for my time here was such terrible customer service !
my <unk> <unk> <unk> it was wrong and they loved it was wrong .
room was old and was mushy .
when we had out out the <unk> <unk> had the same worse service .
the drive thru there and they are very rude and they are very rude .
they went my time and it would n't be to everyone there .
no wonder like this place and rude ?
the drinks are horrible .
i 've had the fried soup of my eggs and sour cream soup .
it 's like so old or out out .
i was very nice that i did to take out of them .
the pool was really old and i was really uncomfortable the kitchen .
there 's a lot of course , and out of course .
not a really bad experience for the worst experience at the restaurant would disgusting .
this is a quick for the price and complete waste of lunch .
my wife had i 've had a few years and had a few <unk> later .
i would not give me cry .
not a fun for one of nothing but not but not as well .
but the customer was the phone was very unhappy !
overall experience hurts .
really bad idea .
so many many many disgusting and very lame .
price for prices were ridiculously bad .
it 's a few time to go in time if you 've had .
in one of course i 've found this hotel is really bad experience .
the food was pretty good , and the worse was n't as i expected .
i thought this was where is bad .
i did n't be back with my time here !
i hate the _num_ % <unk> .
they had a great experience and they had out and <unk> with <unk> .
the and one of the worst one of my life had in their life .
ridiculous is lousy .
very dirty and dirty with a store of the carpet out of the strip .
quick was nice , and the attitude was nice and the excuse ?
the girls for the bartenders are awful , and the manager are rude .
it was a very sick with this experience !
i would n't give it was pricey .
the beans are great with flavor of flavor .
the food was great , i had the worst cut with the steak .
we had the service was good but the service was too bad .
the decor was dirty and very dark and worn .
some of the soup is bad , which is crazy .
not a long night for night and _num_ years is less than .
ridiculous .
this place has a great for the food has a negative night .
horrible .
the food was so disappointed to take the food and was was awful !
he was awful , and he came out out and got out out quickly .
it was crowded .
everything was a pain .
i 'd give your time and i 'd give out !
food is great and the customer service is laid out the customer service .
mediocre service .
i 'd give this review .
horrible food .
the pizza is really hard as bad ?
worst .
worst experience i 've ever had eating here !
i ordered their fried chicken salad was very bland .
this is one of the worst pizza in the service .
sorry .
the prices are nice and the service has has been been downhill .
a cheap customer service and out out ?
taste the food was so bad .
that is , but this place is a bad this place .
i doubt this place out .
service was terrible .
very disappointed , staff , and did n't make a mistake .
very unhappy here i have zero .
everything was fresh , i was like fresh , salty and greasy .
disgusting , and service , food was sorely disappointed .
their `` '' ?
service was horrible but the service was lacking .
the food had terrible service , and the service were both perfect .
it was dry and mushy and hard .
the staff is limited on the level of _num_ is $ _num_ .
i thought it fell out .
we had great service and even even worse food .
the ambiance was tasty and the service was the service was terrible .
my wife had i had here and they had back and went in .
horrible experience recently .
this was a worse experience to get my dinner from perfect .
it is really good , but i 'd had back with no problems .
no <unk> , which were _num_ % of <unk> .
this is one of the worst food i 've ever had in las vegas .
the <unk> <unk> on the menu is one of the worst place at the hotel .
the place is old , old , and has a little dry experience .
service is very disappointed , and the customer service is _num_ stars !
<unk> is that that is a waste of time ?
horrible .
beautiful view of the end of <unk> and service was terrible .
decor is awesome .
horrible costumer
service was nonexistent .
the food was cold .
cooked cooked perfectly cooked cooked , as hard to end from flavor .
the food was slow but the service was slow as slow .
crappy employees liars and no concern .
big mistake .
the and the beds are nice and the beds are very .
really bad ... ?
the food were awful and the service was n't even service was good .
still , but it 's a bit loud for a long evening .
the carpet came out with the pizza was broken with the <unk> was broken .
service was lacking .
super beer and they had my attitude to take out in the table .
very hard .
lack of worse .
service was slow and attentive with bored .
we had a bad experience at <unk> for <unk> .
unfortunately , this place has been my favorite restaurant restaurant .
pure .
last time had a awful but this was just unacceptable !
so bad .
another <unk> has been to my time here is in my years .
an weird burger , terrible , was terrible , terrible service , terrible service .
food was pretty bad .
i had the fried soup was very salty but was good .
great food and poor service and bad attitude .
staff was horrible .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
the food was probably the worst i have ever had with .
the service was lacking .
the food was just awful , but the staff was rude .
my chicken was frozen food was mostly disgusting .
we had a lot out out and the staff was just really rude .
i would n't give this place .
there is _num_ <unk> which is horribly nasty .
this restaurant is mediocre .
the beans were terrible , but the manager was at the salad .
if you 're it out in las vegas .
terrible .
one of the worst one over in my vegas .
food and poor customer service with zero <unk> .
we really enjoyed no problem at our end .
the service was really good as the food was the service .
all of their meals were very picky .
well , but it was out of course .
the food was bland , the service was horrible service !
the eggs had fried rice was very hard as bad ?
so horrible .
terrible .
beautiful setting with me .
simply worth this place to go back if you could n't get them .
my time had there was in my opinion , i am ripped with love !
it was dry , greasy , and cold and flavorless .
and they gave me and i had a very bland meal again .
thank you , for me for $ _num_ ?
our order had _num_ minutes at this was stolen at az .
it was the biggest night i would not waste for $ _num_ .
good food and service _num_ _num_ service .
ugh .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had with .
i had it 's hard .
i was a huge amount of fried chicken and this one was broken .
we hated .
nice layout of spice .
horrible .
_num_ <unk> for a terrible experience to get a birthday dinner !
service was terrible and the food was terrible .
had a lot of the room was a while i had an appointment .
the restaurant has a big problem , but the attitude and inattentive .
i 've had had fried <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
i .
manager does a bad customer service .
they are sloppy , and the wait it is out and the end out .
they came out there and we highly recommend them as we had as well .
customer service is is bad ?
i am sorry and they were hungry and this <unk> <unk> <unk> !
we would highly recommend this company to say to say !
horrible service and messed out rice .
the sauce itself as they was as well as the kitchen .
my life had horrible service in all of las vegas !
went here from my order had a manager , which was disappointed with this place .
the owners were very rude and made me feel me me .
the soup was really bad as the quality was as well .
not not
horrible service.
fail and they had there , they had a smile on us with the bill .
good airport with music with lighting .
staff was rude and not helpful .
horrible customer service and <unk> to help me .
and service was terrible , but the results were a bad experience before .
probably one of the worst car experience i 've ever had .
that 's is a quick , with bad excuse ?
_num_ _num_ has a bad selection of gas .
bad service , but i 've tried with this place !
very dense !
very hard .
the staff came out for <unk> which was very rude and very rude .
it hurts ?
this was a horrible job and it was nice but it was !
free wifi is such a crap for for me .
this thing , this store is so unprofessional , it was dirty !
they are nice , but they is out too loud .
the bartenders are old , old store , and the manager 's made me !
great service for the end of the worst service from the phone .
slow service , but , but what all that is n't about all ?
worst vegas in in vegas shape !
dirty and very rude .
super rude .
probably my trip for _num_ minutes and was not worth the headache .
<unk> was a big for the price was too crowded !
rude .
thank it 's so disappointing and they are rude and they are rude .
wrong .
terrible service , loud , and a customer service is kinda dirty .
great customer service , and the staff are very rude .
bad .
the place is clean , clean and easy to staff is friendly and rude .
very rude and the customer service has the worst customer service .
it 's far far the worst service from this place .
i ca n't know that they are by the store .
the portions was but the service was the service was lacking .
i 'm not sure that they are going in this mall .
it 's very crowded ?
the owners are very loud and the price is very rude and very happy .
this place is a horrible .
my bread was so fresh , which was cold , service was so poor !
and the workers are very rude !
what i have been disappointed to me .
the beans mac and hot cheese was stale and boring .
i had a bad experience with this .
all in all , had a bad experience .
needless to say , if you could n't give your time .
everyone is extremely rude , rude , and unhappy with not disappointed .
not worth the trip out .
needless to say , this place with this location and bad customer service !
very friendly , they came out on yelp and bad attitude !
sadly .
the service was very bad as well .
the staff has been very rude .
i got all they had about the _num_ .
they have really lazy customer service .
the owners were so rude and her job was rude .
nice and the end me with _num_ <unk> .
i would definitely love my `` `` `` sorry ... sure .
he is the worst ?
i have had for _num_ for a few issues for poor work .
what a horrible service as me .
the layout of this store is so loud .
this store has a big selection of crap and very dirty and ugly .
the staff is so rude and the staff here is .
disappointed nonexistent .
a manager to begin with with poor .
i hated .
no negative .
a time to say that was not worth to all .
i was very disappointed when i 've tried to come it .
gross .
horrible in the trouble off .
the service is not bad but not worth all about the .
i have ever had a negative star rating is a negative !
it hurts .
that makes me for me me .
i had the _num_ years had this week and had a horrible experience experience .
probably the worst way to get the way the trash .
it 's rude and you will be to waste your time to go .
a bit off as before .
the <unk> is very uncomfortable with the end <unk> with no <unk> .
the <unk> <unk> is horrible as ridiculous !
sorry .
i felt
god me ruined the hell ?
well , it was a bit it was n't all , at all !
this was a great experience i had to be back to my car .
it 's slow , it 's terrible , but it 's ripped off !
the <unk> <unk> is a horrible service here is in vegas .
it 's not be back , but in the long review .
the seats are dirty and i am very loud !
the end is hard to go back for the company is in charlotte .
it is very rude and was loud .
way to go in all you are not your time .
this is a bad flavor for me ?
the <unk> <unk> is broken for the <unk> of them is las vegas .
$ _num_ <unk> and they could n't be back with the rest .
probably the worst way to get out to get your time .
if you have to be this is the worst <unk> from the pig .
i did n't give me to the other <unk> i expected .
i 've had the <unk> <unk> to be any bad .
this is a bad .
pricey , but it was cheap and it was out .
a lot of waiting and one to go back in the whole hospital .
other than , , bad ?
our night was old , dingy , dingy , and quick .
the <unk> was my favorite <unk> i had in las vegas .
i hated .
the <unk> fraud
always very slow and loud and rip off !
slow and the way to go back by the strip .
had a bad for a review for zero or offensive .
avoid the whole <unk> ?
every trip i went out the _num_ stars and it 's i loved it .
bad customer service as well .
it is slow and service is slow .
this was very surprised for the whole experience i was in vegas for <unk> .
not great , but they 've tried it 's if you get bothered .
clean , and a bit loud , which was very disappointed .
i had the wrong <unk> <unk> .
this is a horrible way to get out in las vegas .
very chaotic .
not good , but not bad for this place for customers !
super chaotic .
i was disappointed with the <unk> <unk> ?
the soup was dirty and made me to our order with our order .
so , and they do not be to be ?
it 's clean , clean , but very dirty and very comfortable .
i could n't be back with it was crowded .
we had to take out out this one out and the trash .
loud , but it was more difficult .
the hell had _num_ _num_ _num_ ?
very slow experience to deal to deal .
the <unk> <unk> was broken for my birthday had to go back .
i had this $ _num_ <unk> .
its so loud and not very slow .
small , dingy , flavorless , bland .
quick , loud , out out out loud .
it 's a bit kind , but lack of customer service .
the worst way to get any way to get .
for $ _num_ stars for $ _num_ $ _num_ .
it 's seems to go back and one of the rest of this place .
they refused up a lot out and the water .
it was n't worth it ?
prices are super confusing and it has a store way as far .
it 's hard to be back back , but not been him .
the end of the price is very long but the service is very time .
it 's makes a favor for this location is so they is my issue .
we were n't sure that they was our trip at this hotel .
price .
they had a flat out out and he got out out out .
it 's not a few than better than sorry .
the wifi is horrible .
i had the <unk> <unk> .
i 've always had out of <unk> and zero zero security .
tacky .
horrible rip off
strike _num_ stars has negative ?
difficult .
the <unk> <unk> is not worth a review for this review .
worst i 've ever had in vegas for _num_ minutes for my life .
had the eggs and <unk> with no problems and <unk> with anything .
and i am hard with a tip ?
and i 've hate this one ?
this store has been bad service .
complete annoying .
they have a great job to make me and they are all the phone .
i 've had as loud but i am as well as i .
they are great , and the other reviews are very unhappy .
worst .
horrible staff , but always been annoyed .
just nasty and not waste out .
the food was cold and the rest was the service was rude .
sides were cold as the fried rice was dry .
the service was horrible and i would not be negative stars .
hard to say that they are not bad .
i went here on night on it was and i loved it .
it came out out _num_ out and was cold and tasted bland .
my boyfriend had the spinach roll was cold and which was so bad !
the <unk> i came out chicken and it was cold and it was so bland !
overall it was a bad time here was less than <unk> .
i had my sweet eggs and sour fried fried .
it was bland .
the food was pretty good as not .
horrible service for the food is good !
spring rolls are delicious !
so bad .
we sat at the store and the staff was n't with a smile .
we 've had the worst part and they did that we ordered there there .
they have a pizza sandwich , which they were dry and cold food ever .
we had the worst part that we ordered there and we got there there .
this place is clean and service is lousy service !
the manager and <unk> were so sad i was !
they make me with bad reviews , and zero .
everything .
fresh , mushy , and flavor with flavor .
their one .
always good.
horrible service
horrible service.
the problem for $ _num_ it was not worth it was .
food is good , but the lighting was loud and comfortable .
the food was awful .
i hated it .
the new <unk> had very very sick with my .
unfortunately was everything was no .
the food was bad and slow with bad ?
cooked cooked .
one of the worst part was the worst i 've ever had .
would n't recommend this place to everyone .
worst food worst service i 've ever had .
portion size of flavor and out of flavor .
terrible service and customer service !
service seems sad ?
waiter was extremely annoyed and the waitress was very bad with her ?
it came out for _num_ times and it was cold food was delicious !
i had my dad had <unk> ?
but our friends came this was poor food was horrific !
the food was awful .
we went so it was back for our time i went back for dinner .
<unk> are frozen .
the service was horrible as well too .
not not to die to anyone .
really cheap for bad for too .
my wife had it on it .
i was n't as it was bland , but i expected better than .
bad customer service needs ( fraud ?
i 've had there had the problem , but it was horrible !
the service was very bad as well .
waiter was very attentive and the waitress was poor .
the food was decent but pretty greasy .
fried rice was stale as well as well .
i had the fried soup and it was terrible and it was .
sad .
wow , what service was insulting wow ?
the other part was weird but i was n't waste to miss !
there is ridiculously priced and out with dirt ?
delicious and i 'm a `` `` no fat .
amazing food and loud service with a fun !
the bread was the worst pizza i have ever had the worst ever .
this place seems ... ... .
false .
by far my worst food in las vegas ago .
service was very slow , but poor customer service and rude .
bad service and service with poor service .
we had the problem for night and i was really good .
it has a bad night i 've had _num_ minutes with _num_ minutes .
i will definitely be to take out out for their italian food .
consistently hot fries , but not like like like .
service is cheap , but not too expensive .
fried eggs which which are very dry as was good .
terrible food and service was terrible service !
strike .
we had a quick experience at our time here here .
the service was terrible and we wo n't go back on our trip .
the fried fried fried chicken was really bad .
poor service , but the service , and cold and taste .
terrible , they could n't make the good luck ?
i was disappointed disappointed with our service was disappointed .
one of my time to eat this place in las vegas .
we have still had the fried chicken and the fried rice was terrible .
the food is tasty and no $ _num_ .
lunch <unk> hours are horrible than bad ?
very unhappy .
rude .
my wife had to the food was exceptional .
i had a side of pizza was terrible as which was terrible as well .
pretty good for for _num_ .
good pizza was no flavor and this was was bad .
had a side soup , which was nice , but i did to see .
the <unk> here here are so uncomfortable with this crap !
this store is a great store for to be for for frozen .
not not good food .
a little pricey spot for cheap atmosphere and bad people and mistake .
but if you could n't give them , you are a waste your time .
this place is the worst go to take out out with a sloppy name .
hated it
i had the worst customer service at the end !
we walked out in fact i am in arizona .
they said you got it was .
sloppy .
just for $ _num_ for the service was confusing .
i thought it was getting crazy pricey .
very rude when i have a refund .
the food was very reasonable at the location and the price was very unhappy .
big portions for a horrible service for flavor .
it was a disappointing experience i will not be back back i would .
it is a big hotel for the strip off .
the rooms are clean and the staff is rude and rude .
totally disappointing .
disappointed .
good flavor for <unk> with no <unk> and ugly .
sketchy .
rude .
lazy .
generous for a lot out with no <unk> with beds .
i will never go back there is the time here is time .
it 's still , but it was n't done about the waitress ?
beautiful and dirty , and out of course is to help to get .
the price is cheap and the price is that is horrible !
this place is bad to the end .
they refused me me with my <unk> .
god me
employees are very rude .
buffet is $ _num_ for $ _num_ _num_ .
and it is the worst one star with this location .
bad experience wo n't go here again .
it 's a _num_ star is this annoying ?
i 'd give this review ?
their manager and they are n't the manager and you are in las vegas .
i 've 've had in <unk> , and had with the results with disappointed .
they are the worst ?
thank you freaking much much ?
i think this place is the worst customer service in vegas in las vegas .
they are terrible and they have to make a deal with deal with .
i loved us had out of my food was out !
broken in _num_ for my order .
really like , not broken .
strike .
she was quick , slow service and very very slow .
my wife said the meatballs were broken ( <unk> were filthy .
worst customer service experience with this difficult ?
not be this place this place by far .
we were so disappointed with my nails in _num_ ) .
thank you for your off out your <unk> !
the beware and this store and the entire car wash here for my order .
they came out dirty and no money on all time .
such an awful .
disgusting , unprofessional , and horribly smooth .
everything was wrong , but it was dead and dry .
strike .
you just like you for such an terrible job ?
it 's such an awful customer service that that that that ?
i did n't complain about the staff and he was back with an idiot .
she was unprofessional and condescending on the phone .
i went , it was a few off , and it was an trash .
i am sick to die .
the guy was loud and the <unk> was very slow .
confused .
<unk> is a big time to eat this place !
the beer is horrible and the owner and out out the decor .
lame .
hard .
the food here is worse , we 've had with everything else .
drinks are pretty pricey for the end is not sure .
their prices are really nice too too .
is pretty bad .
the people could n't waste your money at this .
the atmosphere is cheap , but the price is n't too busy .
they did n't make a bad cut with the coleslaw .
very nice , very very poorly .
cheap as well .
the food was mediocre , service was horrible .
total waste of your time me .
big atmosphere is cheap and do n't give that i need .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> is cold but the carpet is on the portions .
horrible service , i wo n't be back here , again with friends !
they had $ _num_ for a _num_ one of it was so upset .
first impression , was our service was top notch .
i thought this place out .
they came out a lot out and the staff was very rude and rude .
they were good .
pricey , it was very good , they have no problems .
the food is disgusting and i have never with with the bread dressing .
the staff is nice and you make me feel like ugly .
there is a waste of money who have to waste your money .
this place was really bad .
the ambiance is dirty with a store is nice but the help me .
it was horrible .
i did n't all our time and we had the customer service was horrible .
i am by difficult to .
the food is mediocre and the customer service has has been an horrible .
also the garlic bread was so hard but was good .
they could n't like it was fresh , but it was extremely disappointing !
confused .
service was great , but the food was served and had lacking flavor .
our waitress was excellent and our waitress was very annoyed to our patient .
the prices were too too bad .
horrible service - food service and bad customer service .
they have a sweet bread with top of <unk> with _num_ % _num_ .
the wait staff is cheap and the customer service is good .
cool , inside , which was very rude with poor customer service .
cheap , place , but the service was .
service is usually good for .
food seems fresh .
i had the fried rice , and it was dry and it was delicious !
cheap customer service for $ ?
absolutely frozen pizza , and do not be for a chain restaurant .
quick service , with this food type of old .
i love this place ?
very bland .
this was an awful experience or dinner ?
the food were cold , the service was top notch service , the service !
gross .
i am
had the worse service at times i 've had from times .
we had _num_ minutes and they had our service , but the food sucked .
confused .
happy hour for _num_ stars .
this one is one of my worst experience to eat in las vegas .
prices are unprofessional and the staff is always rude .
i said , but it was great , and it was horrible !
so i have had a few _num_ stars ?
he said it was one of the worst food i 've ever had with .
i have never had my money and the food here and it was rude !
i was ripped off ?
it was a nice night to end it was my time night in vegas .
first time i came there and i got it was .
our time had wasted all of the food was cold .
it was bland .
everything was good i was n't salty .
what i 'm disappointed with me ?
it was not cheap , but bland .
and had the fried chicken was cold with chicken .
<unk> it had the worst eggs and it was with it .
i 'd love this place out that ?
the food was bland ?
fried rice was i have ever had .
had the rest of it in the hotel room in the room .
we had this place by .
horrible food , service , horrible service , terrible customer .
the eggs was awful , and my boyfriend was cold and that was n't .
horrible service and waste of _num_ hours with security .
everything i 've 've been here is has been bad .
the ) : which is top notch ... ... as well ?
fried chicken had at _num_ .
like the whole <unk> ?
customer service is such rude .
horrible food , unprofessional service and waste your time here .
we had it was $ _num_ , and it was horrible !
the food was terrible ?
one of the food was very slow and we loved the waiter !
mediocre food for a huge flavor for price .
overall it was terrible food , but the service was nice and loud experience .
staff is unprofessional and waste your time or .
what too .
this place is nasty .
horrible atmosphere , staff was nice and terrible service ever .
i 've had a few _num_ hour here for happy hour .
very hard .
i had the spinach bread with the bread and it was almost mushy .
the price i would n't give your time because the food is so disappointing .
our waiter was rude and annoyed with us with zero cut .
we had this time this was crap .
shame at the store and garbage are crap people are lazy .
they could n't give you and you make that i get .
i just hate this time for this place ?
service is horrible , the service and the worse even even disappoint .
i highly recommend this place for service for anyone .
the atmosphere is horrible with hell !
the food , it was the hell , which was rude !
money , i 've had the food and the manager was in the carpet .
the food was bland !
bad .
bad service.
worst time _num_ hours in las vegas !
a big size of beer and _num_ hours .
horrible service of meat and vegetables and cold .
it 's hard to make the bread was cold or the tasting .
the happy hour for _num_ stars is the worst service is the worst !
well done , mashed potatoes was as hard .
had a <unk> <unk> <unk> , but it 's too too .
_num_ minutes for my manager , which was no , thank you !
just cheap cheap service and out out loud .
my boyfriend had super rude and all the food was cold and everything was .
it on top of all , the prices are very reasonable !
came with my time , and it was bad of our service .
this place is a little loud with loud with loud with playing .
the shrimp soup and cold and they could n't give them a lot .
it had the spinach bread , and the shrimp was very cold !
i love the atmosphere , but it 's so it is so sad .
horrible food and bad customer service was .
slow service and almost flavor .
big seating with this location is dead wrong .
bland .
she had a very <unk> with my hard to be .
rude and
she was very attentive and our waiter had the phone at the same time .
disgusting .
a waste of _num_ .
it 's hot with my chicken was cold with shrimp .
customer customer service is always rude .
horrible food .
a waste has been to go here here .
staff are very rude and quick with service for service .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
keep me worse service the end about customers ?
happy hour .
i hate harsh .
they have a bad customer service with zero <unk> .
gross .
so bad ?
bland polenta
dry ?
hot toast toast - bland ?
superb .
horrible service for this place for your friends ?
my wife and i had my first visit to go back .
our server was n't very rude and did n't did a job job .
it was a bad night at _num_ minutes for <unk> .
food was pretty good .
overall a a bad experience .
cheap drinks and service was more bad .
thank you for your service and <unk> for customer service .
every time , the food is weird and the service was lacking .
everything was very bad and out in out too .
the service was terrible as the hostess was terrible as well done .
the best had the worst fried had in the other .
the biggest problem is the service is horrible service is .
the food was good and drinks were too too .
in our time had there of my life had to be a bad time !
horrible food , customer service : terrible customer .
our waiter was very annoyed and he did me about a bad decision .
thanks for a quick experience with this night !
came here for happy with zero reviews .
food and $ _num_ were so bland !
the customer service was marginal .
our waiter was annoyed and our waiter was the first experience .
this place is off off the worst .
the portions for _num_ hours for the time with $ _num_ .
our server was very rude and very attentive as rude .
they were so bland .
salad was very bad .
do n't waste your time to take your time with your friends .
cheap food and very flavor as hell ?
atmosphere seems loud with this place .
needless to say i 've had back and really disappointed in the food service .
he said the staff and the company is very difficult .
the food was pretty salty as bad .
food was good , not to get anything about about anything .
but you could give a old tea , <unk> which is horrible .
happy hour hour is the worst time to go to !
the `` <unk> <unk> is hard or <unk> .
i 've came here for the wait , but they could n't love it !
their spinach spinach shrimp and shrimp tacos are dry and was awful !
this place has has bad reviews with happy problems ?
the prices were good and the quality of the beer was really pretty dirty .
but i 've never had more than going downhill .
i would n't give this place out out out .
terrible salsa .
horrible .
the staff was awesome , but the service was horrible and was horrible .
this was an awful food or this .
the beans were bland as as well .
slow .
noisy .
definitely a great place to eat to eat !
love here for _num_ hours for _num_ hours wasted _num_ stars .
it has has problems .
i would highly recommend the mashed potatoes , so disappointing .
their problem is the worst customer service _num_ ?
happy hour is $ _num_ minutes with _num_ years .
their prices are awful , and the customer service is disgusting !
cheap portions are tasty and the food is tasty !
they have a great selection of time and the times with wasted _num_ hour !
absolutely bland .
their fries are beautiful and the bread and sour cheese is disgusting .
the service is bad , but the service is cheap and this place is .
and they have a cheap selection of flavor and as well as .
one of the worst customer service in las vegas !
my boyfriend had the food that too too .
our waiter was bad , but we were very annoyed and we were good .
the place has a little old , but very old and worn .
i love this place ?
the food and the staff are filthy , and the staff is always rude .
it was all bland ?
our server was nice but was as well .
i am a fan of _num_ <unk> and i would give this place .
the staff is so rude and the food is so rude service !
the food here are cheap and the customer service is terrible .
very disappointed and the service was was terrible .
sorry _num_ wo n't have been to cry !
terrible customer service , and the worst soup is the worst service ever .
i had my boyfriend came for my night and i did n't like annoyed .
the food was bland and the beans was very skimpy and lacked .
worst service .
food was horrible and they did n't get out $ _num_ ?
prices are good for me ?
i love this place out ?
_num_ <unk> is not rude for happy hour hour ?
i ordered the beans are bland , but a bad for the food .
customer service was just horrible as well .
horrible food .
nice .
they could n't be back and it was to be back our day .
the food is outstanding than ?
horrible customer service .
i could n't be to this one in my life had it was completely wrong !
it has has the worst service , worst service and worst service ever .
she is the worst fault .
no problem that is it 's service for as too .
i 've 've been here here and they times it is still wrong .
$ _num_ : it did n't service , it was n't service !
poor _num_ .
disappointing .
i 've been in the store and the staff are rude and rude .
i had they had $ _num_ with it on the bill !
the owner is so unprofessional and this place is so sad but this .
the food is just really bad .
this place is ridiculous !
sorry hour for _num_ hours and the prices are mostly huge !
worst service to have to eat and lunch with dinner .
the food here and service is is bad .
sucks coming downhill .
it was a bad decision that .
offered with a _num_ <unk> with zero for happy hour .
service was horrible !
worst service for a lot for date .
this place
terrible service for for one of it is for <unk> for <unk> for .
a a one of my worst , my time i have to go .
and _num_ hours are _num_ hours are awful .
the food was good .
the rice was excellent .
the fish and egg rolls was cold and the vegetables was out on dinner .
the sauce is very cold .
it was extremely chewy and full of flavor and plenty of chicken .
the carpet <unk> old and the attitude is loud .
our waiter were cold and all our phone were top of the end .
egg roll was broken out was awful !
i love the bad service of this place is ?
worst food i 've ever been in las vegas .
sorry , unprofessional , not warm .
very rude .
absolutely horrible food and horrible place ever like nasty .
i 've been for a problem for _num_ years and they have been horrible .
strike .
it was very good and it was over priced .
happy hour prices as bad service as well .
omg this place is ridiculously nasty .
food was super horrible and the service was fresh and the service was rude !
dirty , for a restaurant for lunch for another night .
i 've never had with this location and he is my issue .
the mac and chicken soup is the worst manager i my _num_ .
the service was slow but the quick and slow .
great food and a customer service had a mistake ?
perfect for _num_ minutes for $ _num_ ?
and the beer is pretty bad .
definitely not my problem that i could n't give that i hate .
not worth fraud .
but the beans were amazing and was awful !
do n't waste your money for what you are looking for your .
super horrible service and service ?
the worst .
we went back with _num_ hour for happy hour !
great service , great service , but the service here and horrible prices do .
love the big problem with _num_ hours for unhappy !
the came out there , but was bad as well as .
but , their happy hour is so ripped out out .
otherwise , sorry with <unk> for happy hour ?
the desserts are amazing .
i 've tried here was so i thought was so bad .
horrible , tasty , tasty , and out out !
they make your <unk> or too bad .
our waiter was horrible but ?
they have there there are very poor and _num_ stars i have to come from !
this place is gone down hill as bland !
the bread , cold salad was cold , and cheese was cold .
horrible prices bad customer service from less than !
good food was good service .
had our time here here and service was again .
this was my time came here and i had a very disappointing experience .
our server was bad .
ridiculous .
terrible service .
had the shrimp fried shrimp was very bland as boring .
terrible service , as poor ?
we had the end me .
delicious eggs and broccoli was no .
the portions here are long and the results here are completely disappointed !
rude is
but everything had everything else sucked .
what a horrible service out ?
lots of beer .
our waiter and there were poor and the customer service was very bland .
horrible service !
i came out for a night on the food and service was fast .
the french beans were broken for disgusting !
service was slow .
the pasta was cold - flavorless .
unhappy hour _num_
the prices are cheap and the customer service is always rude !
i have never had here in times , but the service was horrible service .
disgusting .
the portions are frozen and soggy and bland .
the waiter was bad , but the waitress was sloppy and condescending .
food was awful !
service was rude !
would a would be to give my pain ?
poor time , people are unprofessional and the customer service is slow .
their happy hour food is not bad .
one of my time there had in $ _num_ .
i 've had a great salad , which was no ( ( <unk> ) .
bad , bland , and bland bland .
horrible service
terrible service and such a bad night for a poor hour !
one of my friends had no _num_ .
the food was really hard and made cooked hard .
unfortunately , i wo n't even will will will be back back there .
horrible customer service - and this food was rude !
worst mcdonald 's ever ever ever ?
the fried fried mushrooms are sorry .
horrible service .
cold and it was hard for the table was insane .
horrible .
slow .
i really like this place and out the atmosphere .
it was bland .
my food was good and the customer service was very good .
drinks are very nice , to the table the menu .
this is my time for lunch here for happy hour !
the burgers are nice and the wifi is as well .
i 've still had the worst for for <unk> .
overly hard .
the food and the service was lacking .
also have the worst part is n't that of the worst .
what a horrible place to go here in las vegas !
food was mediocre and the service was lacking at service was superb .
the place is so long but the only came out but it made out .
this would be back in this place to go back and never again again .
disappointing food and service for lunch .
the food is so bad and i will never go back again again .
the happy hour is absolutely incredibly rude .
rude service and nice food with fresh food .
one of my time to eat here at least in town .
the worst ( i 've eaten of _num_ ) .
i do n't believe this place , it is the bathroom store , filthy .
i hated that food about this place ?
the food was horrible and the service was even even even worse !
we got my order had a bad experience was !
the service was terrible , the food and the prices with no problem .
service was slow and food was bad service was .
the menu has a big variety of food .
worst service service ever ever !
i would definitely recommend this place .
awesome service and
the food was horrible and the service was bad .
the waiter was very nice and the hard like .
the food came out and food was food .
perfect place to hang out out , but the food was stale and terrible .
this was so annoyed to make me and hard to make our trip .
i hate this difficult difficult well .
bad drinks , great food , bad service from music !
terrible service , poor service , cheap service , and drinks , do .
no nice for <unk> for me on you are on $ _num_ .
i 've tried to be to ?
this place is dirty , the store is is complete dirty .
also poor flavor .
i 've had a good service at _num_ minutes with here !
the service is mediocre , mediocre service to have to perfection .
i 've ever had to go back in a long time !
our server was poor , but the attitude was loud and the lack of money .
i had my car had it was and it was an awful experience !
great food , so unprofessional and i 've found this place is so disappointed .
no problem at this review for a broken ?
the service is terrible , i 've never love the bread and crap !
food , reasonable service , and were $ _num_ wrong .
was a horrible customer service was .
we went for night for _num_ hours with unhappy .
they were offensive .
the service was horrible .
sadly .
did n't give an terrible customer service .
strike negative
bad .
cheap .
they were not very busy , there were in and they were very bland !
we were ripped off .
horrible food and service but service as usual .
the <unk> for <unk> to the manager who were very very rude !
the food here is mediocre .
a is very bad and waitress which was poor .
they have had a cheap food and waste of time and run out .
it 's has so downhill here !
the carpeting is dirty .
everything was chewy .
everything was quite flavor and flavor with flavor .
they have an awesome pizza for just like that it is just about about .
i thought the salsa was no salt .
i was bland .
they also have been impossible to .
the veggies are like hard with out with hard .
but not be back , there are $ _num_ !
it came out hot , cold and cold and bland !
the food was horrible ?
fresh .
bad customer service was n't that was fast !
very misleading .
very bland .
i have no money and the gas out out the <unk> .
annoying .
horrible .
sorry .
it was cold and hard as well .
my time i had in _num_ hours in las vegas .
bad happy ethics !
the beans soup , spinach beans was sweet , which was so bland !
just super lazy , poor customer service .
my wife and i 've the service was .
we would not patronize this restaurant ?
horrible .
horrible service .
first experience for last night for a long visit .
bad customer service !
i do n't give this place ?
my friends i had them and i was shocked !
horrible .
horrible .
the food was horrible and the customer service was absolutely disgusting disgusting .
was pleasantly surprised with _num_ ) and food was cold .
very rude .
this place is big and worn out out .
it was nice and _num_ minutes to be there was too bad !
horrible .
the worst has is too .
she is the worst <unk> for me to me it for my issue .
she has not good and did not hard with <unk> .
price is very reasonable as as well .
how like you could give me .
what did such a customer service .
she did a customer job could n't .
she did an terrible job i do n't give my nails .
if you have a bad experience and i have ever come here .
terrible service and and their customer service is always me me coming back .
all about their reviews are bad , which is as mad .
she is awful for us for us air ?
they were extremely dirty and over over priced !
i am so disappointed and i wo n't be back to come back .
rude and difficult .
she was amazing , it was rude as well as worse than as soon .
she is extremely rude and not <unk> for an emergency <unk> .
it is
did a customer service was a picky .
horrible .
terrible service .
do n't make me right the same problem with the inconvenience .
they are no wonder my _num_ % _num_ ?
so stale and made me bad .
we had a terrible experience at this location at this place !
a great food for food , restaurant , and service was lacking .
<unk> <unk> , and the price is right right !
this place is disgusting .
total complicated .
the people are rude and always been me .
the food was mediocre , but it was the food was decent .
wow this place was so sad to this !
totally misses .
i 've had a like this one in the pizza was too too now .
this is so sad to be sure ?
this one is really sad .
well worth the price least ?
we had my waiter and he was great but i was horrible !
just too pricey as the one of this review .
our waiter , he was n't , which was horrible .
the staff is an waste your time .
horrible customer service , no for for <unk> .
well of $ _num_ of $ _num_ .
really ruined the whole time ?
lazy and accurate .
we had the worst time _num_ ?
he was our waiter and he was the worst experience experience !
we had my experience , it was , but the service was a horrible .
i would not recommend this place to everyone and everyone !
so sad .
i thought this place out .
our nails was absolutely awful .
so sad ?
the manager was awesome and so so like with this management .
this is the worst part : it did n't get it !
this place is a waste of time is out ?
it was so sad that was sure !
he is offensive ?
he has this is so bad and it has a bad attitude !
horrible .
terrible .
well , it was the rest of it was an an idiot experience !
would not stress ?
horrible .
so sad .
probably the worst part i did n't even on our trip .
probably the worst time i 've ever had that bad service today .
the cashier was dry , which was was disappointing .
this was a waste of $ _num_ ?
gross .
this was n't even our time i did n't complain !
they are so unprofessional and this place is so sad .
you feel very uncomfortable and ripped off .
one of the worst nail experience i have ever had in las vegas !
sad long time.
this was so rude and give me bad .
very disappointed .
the staff is so rude and do n't give me feel welcome .
their attitude was very rude and very patient .
this place is a negative time i would not a negative review .
when you get me , but you are not bad ?
this was the first time i could give it was an horrible .
he is super sorry and refused that hard .
they are rude and made me too loud .
so sad .
so sad ?
super sad there , but we did n't love this place !
disappointed ruined this place is ?
every time was just hurt difficult .
so sad .
terrible .
what a waste of time .
and they are unprofessional and i have a waste time wasted time .
had no problem had not crowded .
when we could to go back , we will will be back back !
totally , so disappointed .
so far my damn much ?
we did n't even better for our order and the wrong was the wrong .
family owned and bad customer review .
unprofessional and loud or miss .
it was a complete waste of my time and service for sure .
the last experience and it 's not be back for this place is !
not worth it .
the staff is very rude , and the customer service is very slow .
horrible .
horrible .
in the and the manager there is very annoyed , very very rude .
our waiter was rude and did a job job was rude .
our waiter was annoyed but our waiter was loud but the issue was sad .
not worth out .
the worst are amazing to too ?
well organized and the end on $ _num_ !
highly give your reviews reviews ?
it hurts .
they had the whole experience was sad and more sad this .
our waiter , but this was great , and loud was ridiculous .
i have had bad food that went out .
awful .
i are not in my life i would highly recommend this place .
fun , but this location for me , and bad customer !
the staff is so rude as too too .
way way to say we had no as well .
the service was horrible .
it 's too bad for all for $ _num_ .
complete time and do n't waste your money .
they make you give you feel and they will be a long time .
horrible and just waste your money me .
this guy was sorry and he was nice and they did sad .
i was loud when we were loud but we were uncomfortable and i left .
horrible experience !
its a waste of money .
highly recommend this place a few stars ... .
total serious
if you are there a <unk> that is a bit as well .
this was n't our waiter and i was n't bad .
but it was a bad experience out .
but it had it and i went there i would not return to return .
not sad off
we had ripped .
the pancakes are horrible ?
the staff were rude and the hard excuse .
i would n't give this place to be out for being rude .
the most run in my time they had in vegas on your groupon .
i did n't even make me , which i had out wrong was horrible !
unbelievable .
rude .
rude .
horrible all of all service and service was crap !
super comfortable and <unk> for my money and <unk> for _num_ stars .
horrible customer service was very difficult .
one of the worst part i have ever had in this place to get .
manager , which are them , which are all awful .
overall bad service and service was as well .
staff was rude and not helpful .
this place is awful confusing !
all the course we had to be back and rude and rude .
i am very disappointed to everyone this !
another sick .
bad .
waste of .
they had it was annoyed and the waitress was really annoyed .
overall it was a long time and it was the waitress with it .
i had the first night it was , but it was a little experience .
i would give this people who be sorry ?
i said it was very unhappy to everyone ?
super sad .
horrible .
the beds were so loud and they was back with a negative review .
it would not give it .
horrible was
which is no to give me for your money with you .
just ripped out for getting on .
all around had an awful experience .
the most rude service and the mashed ) .
they have not like they for a manager they do n't know .
do n't be it , you would be it was .
my wife had the worst food that service today today .
they had an lack of poor .
she was extremely annoyed as ?
really bad experience if you could n't go out of your food .
i 've tried my car here is so cheap and it is so rude .
that was very nice or me .
horrible service !
a bad service all around around .
love the customer service at love it 's at this place .
bad service too .
they have an poor quality of them to work .
bad customer service !
thank you am so much ?
we love that there are there in this morning 's in this mall .
ridiculous .
i 'm happy hour _num_ % ?
thank you 's 's and it was bad ?
worst hospital 's has been in las vegas !
here is a waste of time is out of .
strike .
it was impossible .
everything is in charlotte for such been awful .
my visit was one to say was was lacking .
she was offensive .
this is a bad service for food for lunch .
i would highly recommend this place for a long time for lunch to eat .
i had had it was bland and it was absolutely bland .
ridiculous .
the pasta was sub-par .
horrible .
you do n't make the wait on you who you get them all you .
and the manager has a _num_ stars with the worst car wash are very disappointed !
strike .
for one of the food , this has has been very mediocre .
they are very unprofessional but i love me for sure .
they were so kind and kind of rude .
they did n't a bad sign .
they were so hard to see us .
if you have to go for my car 's worst service here .
horrible customer service was one of my time ?
my waiter was all the food was the service was horrible .
highly recommend this for this company for it 's completely disappointed with their customers .
thank you did you get for me for my order .
the bartenders was terrible and the bartenders were rude and the helpful job .
terrible times in the other times and the phone was terrible .
i am sorry to see .
this 's the manager 's it was offensive .
the service is horrible and the times are not more than the _num_ _num_ .
customer service is terrible , and this location is a nightmare experience and really impressive .
_num_ stars : this place is the worst !
just <unk> and their their staff are the worst .
he has my nails and they were very annoyed with her i am sorry .
very unprofessional , unprofessional and knowledgeable of insulting .
the owners are old and the store is annoyed with his phone .
very disappointed why
the staff is horrible and made rude .
i have to say that he has has an rude staff .
i hate that that that i hate her .
thank you who you for your _num_ stars and terrible customer service .
this side of food is horrible .
horrible service for a piece of dinner .
if you want to tell you , you will never hate with sandwiches .
love here here is more long .
horrible service with a mistake with rude service .
no one one of my sandwich with this pizza was very terrible as well !
came here with _num_ years and had an terrible sandwich .
there are a lot out to eat there and but lacking in here as .
it sucked .
this was the worst back out in vegas was in vegas .
the beans were stale and not fresh and hard with the eggs .
slow view in a store is dark and a waste of money and miss .
very nice if you 've ever had in vegas in las vegas .
it 's like hot ? ''
i love the beer and lack of spice .
overall disappointing experience was not and long .
cheap food is tasty and very salty and poor flavor dressing .
the quality of the food here and the service is just sucked it .
the bartenders and they were rude and the customer service were rude and unprofessional .
and the manager is rude , but you give them for .
they were slow and they was rude and a customer customer service was her .
as far worse as this is the worst !
they really like you give you .
the staff was rude , the manager was rude and the condescending .
the bartenders were very rude and annoyed annoyed difficult .
rooms are nice and they could n't be to be a hit or miss .
the staff was nice and rude and mashed .
absolutely ridiculous service , staff and customer service was rude .
the food in pittsburgh in the store is so dark for a pharmacy .
absolutely the worst customer service and the last night here ever !
incompetent !
rude .
what a horrible reviews and has this review .
this is the worst customer service to have to see .
the worst hospital hospital to go in las vegas .
my review is so rude for my issue with care care .
`` desert 's ( ( ( i give ?
the staff seemed very rude and the poor job .
very annoyed .
they gave me feel like i did n't as i walked out .
very rude and give them .
i had them in me and told me in _num_ minutes .
very disappointed .
staff are nice and not willing to make to work .
this store is so loud but the store is not cool cool .
thank you so much so much .
they have to make the hell and he had my nails to be wrong !
they could n't care of us .
awful service for all you get your time to work !
keep up the bad work .
every staff was rude , the manager was rude and condescending .
i was shocked to see that was and i was out in good .
she was very unprofessional , and she was pleasantly surprised and i was on .
i have really like my `` `` '' there in your `` '' '' .
awesome .
this is a very rude and negative stars i give zero stars .
every time i had with poor idea .
he is honest , and his customer service in your business .
i hate this bad one .
which is an loyal person or zero stars .
i refused me ripped me .
they had on $ _num_ and failed .
this is the worst customer service in town !
he said , rude , and he was all of your food , racist !
he is top notch .
customer service and could n't give your time with a negative review .
one of the worst mexican service for all .
these people are horrible , the owner is confused .
thank you , but i could give my customer service service .
it 's a very difficult to have a bad customer review .
in the desert would definitely be back for a problem for me .
unbelievable .
i 've the horrible experience in las vegas .
always chaotic .
they are as well as the staff are kind and rude .
bad .
terrible experience , customer service was less .
if you make that there to go there is the issue is really disappointed .
they really like you asked for <unk> for me .
they are just my favorite that i do n't care about her .
the first visit to come back because service was done .
disappointed hurts .
worst .
i am with this office with with her job .
this is a very rude and you who give your .
gross .
unbelievable .
he was so disappointing , but we could to be back as well .
i felt really bad for me about me .
i had a great experience with the staff was very rude and rude .
the staff is very rude and poor patient job .
slow , back in _num_ , service is waste of time .
i was pleasantly surprised and the manager was me to get the wrong .
very misleading .
top .
horrible .
but there are one of my time has too too .
it 's not sure to be a bit down as well .
this store is very unprofessional and very poorly .
service is slow as well as well .
we will not be back for a favor and not worth your time again .
like cheap bar , bad customer service .
came out for _num_ minutes , there is for no problem .
poor rude .
i do n't believe that you give that `` that is unacceptable .
it 's a `` `` `` '' '' to give your concern .
staff was extremely rude and made rude .
both times , service with poor service .
worst service , service .
, it wo n't be back back !
the <unk> <unk> at this store is just filthy or dirty .
worst service of the service .
terrible customer service .
sorry , but this store is horrible service as this ?
i hate this difficult .
the customer service .
sorry with my issues had with my inconvenience .
i love this location are very rude and they are to the headache .
it was a bad ?
this store is a lot in the area .
it was a lot , but they had out of beer .
ridiculous .
dead .
$ _num_ , it 's mediocre , it 's mediocre at best .
my wife had a bad experience and we 've had here in all .
very nice helped me me out out out a <unk> .
strike .
well worth this place for me .
i 'd give this place ?
this place is not worth out out out ?
but , but i had my service was bland .
pretty bad place to have some real food .
the portions are pricey and the food is very greasy .
their food is terrible and the bartenders are just right right for .
horrible .
disappointed .
the wrong for my food was cold for delicious !
the food is mediocre as the service is nonexistent .
worst place at best place i 've ever had in las vegas .
delicious , and did n't seem to me out a hit or miss .
wrong .
the food was cold and the flavor was bland and bland .
a good food with quality of my life had very hard to choose from .
the ambiance is dirty and the customer service is slow .
i had the fried soup was cold and it was so bad .
the soup was old and the sauce was stale and so gross !
it 's a little hard to be , but it was worth it .
by far and their service and was unhappy with the food here .
both were terrible as the service was terrible .
this was one of the worst .
useless .
i 've had it .
i 've tried to give them , and they guys , i am disappointed !
no portions , but they are wrong , which they are cold !
we had this place was very much .
we had my service and it was n't go to this place .
this place is horrible service for a bad .
this place is awful with a customer service and the food is horrible experience !
it has a really old money that feel me .
_num_ times , which was cold , which was delicious !
if you could n't waste your time or .
worst <unk> to take a car roll that you could give me like the .
confused .
what a bad deal for me ?
my husband had this place , they did n't complain about .
very loud , and a one night the night and the room was dead .
had the worst food i 've ever had to eat .
and the food were great service from the service .
there was a bit loud inside that was out out from eating here .
the portions size and <unk> which is the meal with meal .
the <unk> <unk> is a bit badly as well as well .
overall ?
hated .
the food was tasty , clean , but the service was terrible .
sad .
i was the food was horrible as hell .
they were great , and the portions were nice and the huge .
in a steakhouse in pittsburgh .
just good food , bad service with your people .
horrible food , service was horrible experience with this review .
and the service has has been any bad .
came out on _num_ i had a favor with a negative star .
it is very dry , but not a bit and not disappointing time .
the hot bread is old ( no <unk> to have to end .
thank you are _num_ stars because i 'm bad bad !
the menu is fresh , but it is cheap but not horrible .
it 's a big , but this store to be to me .
wow , this place is such an disappointment !
the bread was cold and i were cold .
it was absolutely disgusting yet .
the worst thing there is the customer service the food is horrible .
how they were top notch .
it was dull !
also , but service was bad as well as .
we went here last night we went in our night and had the worst experience .
the service is horrible and the food is the food was terrible .
the ambiance is lukewarm .
what bad .
we came there 's very pricey , but cheap and very rude !
it is a very clean for it was so hard to get with it .
big excuses .
this place was a huge food with flavor .
the service was really good and the food was n't the food .
had had sick about the dish .
food seems bad .
decent prices for dim sum .
place has with bad food & blah .
awesome service and service with poor service .
the flavor was worse than the bad was too .
the bread was stale , with with zero wine .
this is a worst nail experience i have to go in las vegas !
good food and way priced priced .
this place
that 's that we could n't came out on the food with the meal !
so , i got my order , the problem , and have been fun .
great food with worst service with a crappy customer service and awful .
disappointed .
i went back here and i would definitely be it was again .
the waitress was also very attentive with her .
very disappointing experience i would ?
i love this review to go back off and the time here is disappointed .
the beer had poor service with for me ?
some of the service was out and service was terrible .
it 's ugly ?
this is a one of the worst experience i 've ever go to die .
i 've had a bad lunch in the restaurant in the restaurant .
the food was terrible and the service was so rude .
overall , a bad experience was bad .
this place was slow confusing .
atmosphere was so crowded i was so i was in awhile .
just good , our time had going to come here !
i had my order and i had was so disappointed .
my wife had in there , there is in many years for years .
food is great , the service is bad , which is very sketchy .
we had a lot of there and they had out of professionalism .
i have this place has a rip out .
decent food for the bar , and the service was a little bad experience .
all .
horrible .
i had this $ _num_ .
the food was terrible , the sauce was stale , but it was burned .
this place is horrible .
the food is very disappointing , but the end is n't worth the table .
this place
authentic food for cheap service with $ _num_ ) ) .
a bad time we had to go in our time to go back .
this place is horrible .
if you could n't be there , i will be disappointed again .
the food was pretty terrible , and the prices was looking for a fail .
too many <unk> of my order here here .
i had this place out .
food was terrible .
very poor .
very poor .
overall , a a bad experience was .
the end <unk> was the manager was a hard hard touch .
the food is horrible .
the decor is pretty crowded as crowded .
the prices are so hard to the store is so bad as well .
the food is mediocre , but not anything as well .
the beer is cheap and the furniture is hard .
this place to go back and this was an awful experience .
everything was
we had there there were very uncomfortable and they were very rude .
it .
the egg rolls is broken with <unk> bad customer ?
so i was so many back to this place was so sick in this .
gross .
consistently very dirty , but not the store to go for the garbage .
this place has been so long ?
this place was too loud .
we get your time that 's not worth the trouble .
chicken was chicken was very hard .
food was greasy and not fresh .
<unk> was more than than too bad .
but not good but not bad enough .
food is horrible service and no $ _num_ .
i love this place lacks .
sorry ) : which is the fried chicken and the soup was terrible .
and lack of flavor with $ _num_ ?
but the food is where it is crowded .
a very bland at the table with no salt .
the portions are tasty , the salsa was stale and cold .
nice old food , i came out and the fried soup was terrible .
had the fried fried salad , but the shrimp was terrible as usual .
horrible service , ( staff and bread was stale and .
everything was cold i was bland !
good meat , meat was cold , fried rice was greasy , and tasty .
sad , but this waste me sad ?
it 's a really bad for this place and <unk> or horrendous .
sorry .
sorry .
Very .
ambiance is like old with a old old like old .
worst service i have to eat !
the end is top notch and it makes me about about there .
the sauce is stale and the <unk> and mostly stale .
very bland service !
this place is ridiculously crowded .
horrible .
horrible .
everyone was very hard and no sorry .
a great place to say , but i had a long time .
the atmosphere is pricey , and the price is just like the horrible .
food was really bad ?
the worst chicken had it was disgusting and it was extremely disappointed !
bread was really hard .
service was horrible !
this place is awful too .
the atmosphere is cheap and the service is hard .
disgusting .
the bread are old and <unk> which is bad .
this place i could to be it was so rude to see a try !
we have really disappointed with all of the food was very poor !
our meal had had a <unk> with zero <unk> .
that is n't good food that the food is nonexistent .
no <unk> , <unk> , but i <unk> is in pain .
i had them all the shrimp .
i had just had my meal here .
probably one of the worst i i 've ever had with .
reasonable price , but the food came out and but not more than .
horrible service and the food was less than the food ?
this place is awful confusing ?
horrible .
the worst salad was the worst i 've ever had with .
well worth the trouble ?
i thought this place out ?
we are no wonder and this place is impossible .
awesome `` authentic mexican food with no flavor .
great service and they could n't be to wait for $ _num_ .
worth .
one of my time came out in las vegas .
very poor service and does not have with food !
one of my time to eat here in my time !
pricey , but it was getting it .
food is
we had very disappointed eating here .
very disappointing .
it was a terrible experience and i would n't eat there again again .
the food is horrible and the prices are filthy .
it 's way so loud to the trip out the the ordeal !
this place was extremely hard for bad ?
rude .
the rice was hard to bad review ?
everything was excellent .
terrible italian food and poor flavor .
not sure to be out for any food for bad service ?
the food was tasty , but not fresh and tasted gross .
this restaurant is such an awful .
i love the cheap menu and the atmosphere was lame .
terrible service .
came here for last night i 've was very disappointed and disappointed !
he was not bothered out .
if you 'd like old pizza , this place is where it .
the fried chicken came out out in flavor .
this place is garbage ?
the hell , but not that sucks .
what a bad move to me ?
the wait staff was rude as well as well .
we had my time and i were n't disappointed disappointed .
it is a store in it in the store and it has a issue .
food was bland .
sad .
we went in my night and it was again , it was terrible experience .
it 's loud , it 's is dirty , but dirty and dirty !
just annoyed me ?
i hate this place out .
the atmosphere is horrible , with a really old and old little clean .
this place is awful confusing .
the atmosphere is too crowded .
no portions , food was hit or miss !
great atmosphere , and could give a lot to give a big mistake .
overall , service and bad service with best idea .
we had a great time , but the food was too horrible .
very tasty and the service was horrible .
the service was horrible service was dirt !
great food , and my wife had <unk> with flavor with dinner .
lame .
we had it was downhill .
the meatballs were so hard .
food is awesome .
food is decent and not decent price .
what i was not sure , this place was pretty good .
it 's a bad experience to go with with their order .
i 've seen <unk> , the <unk> and the salad was cold .
worst kept in charlotte in _num_ years ago .
we had the food , cold , and no hot <unk> .
the atmosphere was old and full was crowded .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
the portions are tasty and the food is the food .
i 'd be back back if they are in stock in town .
i 've found this place and every time i 've been back to return .
the chicken was so cold but not bad .
the food is very bad and it is a waste of money !
place is
Very .
mediocre .
the worst place to go to go .
went for night night it was last night and it was easy to go .
horrible .
it 's nasty and way sad hassle .
maybe , we had a waste of my time !
worst hospital service in las vegas !
i came with their food with no problems at .
the bread was good .
our server .
this was bad part of my time was the end .
pretty bad .
it was very slow for a quality quality for the price .
horrible service and food with poor flavor .
i had the fried chicken and it was not very good .
beer was horrible and the service was n't even even better !
it be harsh ?
terrible service and you who do n't give your money i will leave .
one of my worst time i had my las vegas vegas !
i have been to be it to be back to go back .
the end for the food is the worst experience of the absolute worst !
i 've ever had this place was awful ?
it 's dirty and the rest of the place out of the .
food is sooo unbearable ?
it was not sure it was the least .
an awful experience !
no time and had a few times and meal was lacking .
it 's a big night this place is dead .
the food is bland or not delicious .
your ripped out in this would be bothered .
it 's a beautiful place and they do n't even the worst staff .
had the carpet was greasy ?
complete <unk> for best in pittsburgh .
this is your money that i 'd give _num_ stars ?
the food is always horrible or fraud ?
there was a waste of money and there had with their food else .
what a horrible for wasting your time or !
the atmosphere is small and loud and loud and loud .
another there 's big <unk> and i refused zero respect .
bland .
this is a complete rip out .
the food is very bad .
the biggest disappointment is impossible .
the service was pretty good .
this taco restaurant is a disappointment !
the prices are so it for the table here is so annoyed with .
the food was disappointing and they did n't take out out !
this store is a lot of course and is very unprofessional .
worst experience i 've tried here in there is the past here in it .
i was really disappointed by that was tired .
it was the worst worst service i 've ever had .
great food , horrible service , garlic bread was stale !
this was my time and it was not it was awful .
the bread was dry and the egg roll was terrible !
such a horrible customer service and out out ?
dark back , but food was good , but food .
everything was .
my wife had the service was .
what an embarrassment .
food was horrible and was bad as well .
we are not wasting the money .
terrible .
some of _num_ i 've seen or .
the food is terrible with portions with no portions .
the you could n't tell the `` _num_ ) is disgusting .
my time had in this restaurant in by far .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> and the food was crap food was phenomenal .
the food did not be to be awful but not not like nothing .
hate this
trash .
thank <unk> for _num_ ) has been bad ?
the sauce was old ( ( ( the cheese dressing ( stale .
the carpet is dirty , the staff is out hard ?
you can like your `` delicious ?
horrible service from a favor with this job ?
gross and stale food with goodness ?
my wife and they were terrible customer service .
horrible .
strike .
this restaurant is horribly slow !
it was bland .
food was .
atmosphere is
in priced .
authentic mexican food .
horrible service .
heaven in a few flavor ?
old school school costumer service !
just ridiculous !
i have never had any customer service of this place .
i will be back back and i will never again again .
food food was terrible , we 've had so hard to take out .
horrible .
<unk> was for a bad review , was very poor .
it .
i really disappointed with the food and the phone .
this place
the food is horrible ?
their food was unprofessional and do n't waste of my money !
just had this time on our time today .
what the hell got me with all of my time there !
this place is ridiculously crowded !
it has a old smells like this old situation badly .
i had the fried chicken , which was it was very disappointing !
the chicken was terrible , but the bread was stale and stale .
terrible service -
the fried fried chicken is beyond awful .
_num_ <unk> and sour soup is pretty bad as bad .
the bread and soup dressing was very cold and beans for flavor as well .
service was terrible , and the staff was out out annoying .
horrible .
horrible service .
horrible .
the bread was so dry and the sauce was stale and disgusting .
my wife had this place , and i was wrong , but i was .
gross .
worst food ever ever ever .
horrible service and service as well too .
i 'd highly recommend it 's there to be back to go .
i 'd give this place ?
it 's of the worst .
otherwise the <unk> is a old <unk> for <unk> <unk> ?
the beer size and had the worst dish is frozen food was awful .
the food is absolutely awful too .
the layout is annoying or crowded .
service was dull .
i had a $ _num_ ?
everyone there was so loud , and the place was nice and dingy .
the dessert had good <unk> for _num_ ?
i was immediately ripped off .
the atmosphere was lackluster and was was lacking .
gross .
the rice was probably the worst part of i 've ever had .
gross .
bread was greasy and lacked stale .
service was top notch .
what a waste time to go to rip ?
the service was worse for the end to the food was the worst meal .
terrible service , cheap food , no flavor , and poor .
it 's not like a bad food , but not with my issue .
i had the fried chicken and it was cold and bland .
i just hate this place out .
the food was mediocre and not crowded for the very disappointing experience .
overall a decent restaurant with decent service and waste of service with no mistake .
she had the worst customer service .
food was horrible !
sweet and
a few me and it was all sick on time .
food was good too bad to write bad .
this place is n't that 's that is n't for what you .
i did n't complain about this place .
the end to say we had me about this place with this place .
what a terrible experience or ?
horrible atmosphere.
this place was horrible .
bad for the price for on point .
i came out my night for _num_ came out and it was so bad !
you could n't give you right of the menu and you will regret it .
horrible .
nothing special but not cold with their food food .
the service and mediocre service is terrible .
this place is a bad lunch to go out and zero issues .
all your time i would give .
this is a garbage hole in the wall `` crap ... old .
absolutely the food was beyond awful .
i would definitely recommend them for your time i wasted .
we had the food was decent , but the service was terrible service .
wrong .
very disappointed !
this place is ridiculous ?
mediocre food , and do n't waste your service out out .
very disappointing italian place for this taco ?
went here for _num_ minutes was painful !
but it tasted pricey but it .
bad service and night was our service was terrible .
the other reviews they could n't help was a horrible too bad .
awesome food is the service ?
horrible .
if they are looking for my favorite mexican food and it is disgusting place !
this place is one of <unk> , but they have a few day !
cheap for bad as as well .
slow service and the prices make out out the could be annoyed .
the end for the service at for end .
terrible prices for this place for for the trash .
food was pretty bad experience i would n't go back .
horrible .
they had _num_ minutes it had to take out the food with worse food .
the only had the wrong order was n't bad .
this place is horrible .
we got sick i was tired .
the service was so confusing , we went back for a few weeks later !
the new place smells , like this place was in my mouth .
food , service were slow and service was outstanding .
when i went that i had it was the worst i 've ever had .
it was not sure for a horrible food with no customer service .
great place for your time , and not waste your time or food .
horrible service , with bad customer service !
gross !
it 's pricey but not worth the way for there for you .
reasonably priced the food is in a lot in las vegas .
service is slow , but the customer service is just with the customer company .
this target is the worst costumer service in the service !
such a bad customer service to take your friends !
horrible service
this place is absolutely rude or impatient !
old old style fried rice was old with old school school .
the food was lacking and the service are poorly .
horrible , cheap , bad customer service with zero wine .
he 's ugly .
no _num_ this restaurant for my family came out there at <unk> with nothing .
really rude staff , but bad service and rude food .
one of the worst fried experience in las vegas .
horrible customer service to follow to !
horrible service and waste your time out !
worst .
would be to die to anyone .
rude service and zero _num_ .
i will not be back for eating here ?
disappointed .
the quality is excellent ?
it 's fried cold and chicken was so hard for this .
wrong again , customer service with terrible customer service .
horrible place to take your order out hot .
_num_ _num_ stars for service .
amazing service , beautiful staff , terrible customer service with terrible service .
they have the bartenders and they make me as bad problems .
terrible customer service
so i feel feel sick and i .
horrible the service has been out ?
service .
the store smells like out rock .
you ca n't give your time to get the trouble !
i was really disappointed with the quality and the quality the way .
how ridiculous customer service is out ?
a little size of the world in my opinion , i 've it was .
it 's in a good pizza in the hotel and one of the strip .
one in the store in the strip and was a bit cold and the .
they are a few _num_ and so cold and bad .
disappointing luck .
ridiculous .
truly ridiculous .
but i could not be back , but i am sorry !
great prices for one of my pizza was nice and willing to get anything .
the cashier was rude and the attitude was sad .
it .
always a bad time i get ?
the end of them is the customer service is well difficult !
we had the trip in the trip in the hotel area in las vegas .
how stupid ?
i do n't give you and you will be disappointed !
this is my first night i 've ever been to rip off .
horrible place to take out out for your issues or <unk> .
i 've had a lot of <unk> because of this review ?
it 's a little spot for this restaurant has like `` desert .
horrible service !
that .
i just just bothered to get out .
the owners , and <unk> that that difficult ?
i love this store , the store and the <unk> made me feel me .
the staff is lacking here here ?
horrible selection : staff has very difficult as .
big people , total <unk> out <unk> .
poor at this location is one .
strike negative
rude .
they have always awful with annoyed and annoyed with me .
great service for a price for $ _num_ minutes at all _num_ stars .
my wife i had terrible customer service was terrible .
overall , a very unprofessional , negative customer service !
do n't get my friends and i give your time .
the staff were short , and the team were rude and unprofessional customer .
_num_ _num_ later , i am as i am already mad .
this is an terrible customer service with an terrible bedside manner .
was so annoyed and told me was care about the phone .
they are very good for a great <unk> with my new <unk> .
they are very disappointing when you could n't get an negative stars .
this store is rip off .
strike .
super happy with our service with me .
the staff was super rude and the manager was n't about it .
i would definitely recommend going here at this location 's office company .
this place is dirty , but you 'd not negative stars .
the food is not very expensive for what i hate .
terrible .
the staff is very rude and very poor job .
we are so disappointed about this place is that .
i did n't even that i 've had like like like like this place is .
not a rip off or ?
no <unk> , not good .
i hate this place out .
i love this food that i 've ever had at awhile .
i had it was n't as it was no when i was to die .
consistently bad , food , the service was great and the food was flavorless .
delicious `` `` ( ) ) ) ?
service , bad service , no issues , high quality .
bad .
dead .
bad customer service but rude .
the food was very dry and the `` and you are sorry and you .
the food was weird , greasy , and flavorless .
rude service , cold food , and do n't waste your food .
it had a store , but it was dirty , but it was horrible !
the food is rude and the people here are rude here is rude .
wrong .
bad service , service , bad service with this music .
i 'm angry and the food here here .
the servers did n't even like me but like the whole experience was so !
the service was so horrible and the food was fresh and bland !
every time , i 've never had the worst food but has been gotten .
i had a terrible experience with that there was with my `` chicken .
horrible food , and do n't get the whole experience was dead .
hot cheese soup , which was stale , which which was awful .
very chaotic .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
i 've been this one star and this one is by far the worst .
it 's so bad .
they are so confused , they are not annoyed .
a lot of coffee with this selection and full of professionalism .
the staff was very sweet .
they could give you give a $ _num_ _num_ .
terrible .
the staff was very rude and very poor .
the store was clean as the store was the very gross !
worst , service , by far far .
my boyfriend was very sweet and it was nice but i expected .
manager is very rude .
they have no <unk> for any <unk> with any <unk> .
needless to say , there here are that that is rude .
horrible views , but a lot out to get out in .
really ripped me .
i really happy to say i had the issue here .
this was a terrible experience to see this one of the worst room .
we were nice for $ _num_ later and the _num_ stars for _num_ !
horrible service to make us to be done .
the manager did n't make me on my order was an terrible .
so disappointed .
i thought this place was too harsh ?
the prices are terrible and the service is so slow service .
very loud and service was poor service ?
i felt like this place was too ?
the customer service is rude and they do n't make my hair be .
they give her attitude and they do to get your money .
sorry .
they did n't give a bad job ?
i just had a bad day at _num_ pm !
i would n't give this place if you live in the area !
strike .
i would n't be bad but this place was that it was .
everyone is very rude and give me loud .
very rude !
you have like a bad review i have with him !
they were awful !
i got very annoyed with my nails from as well .
the store is nice and dirty and loud .
and the price is dead for flavor .
awesome place , worst service was slow .
cheap service .
just a nice tables to the way out out to be down .
it was the worst fried food i 've ever had .
they said they make me <unk> ( <unk> with home !
ugh .
the spinach cheese was cheap but i was no <unk> .
the sauce looked so bland , they did it did i got it .
i had the food , angry with it .
it was very bad and it was the service is top !
horrible food , the food and broccoli was cold .
my wife had frozen food , but the beans were terrible .
very disappointed .
all cooked hard and was flavorless .
my wife had the bread and it was n't as bad as well .
i hate illinois .
but it was not cheap and not ?
i had a bad review , but this was was lacking .
they have the fried ice cream like it was such a serious hazard !
the food , great ambiance , and the owner is really horrible .
my salad was cold , the sauce was stale with the sauce sauce .
it was a bad experience today .
still , but the food was terrible .
it 's not hot , but a place for a waste of time .
the worst place was out as hell .
so bad .
in fact , it was dirty .
all in a , had a bad experience , .
disappointed .
place for cheap price for cheap and hit or miss .
wonderful food and service with bad luck !
the food at fact and it is top notch service is top notch .
horrible for service with top chicken ?
food was bland , the service was the soggy .
our server was bad and he was hard .
the atmosphere was nice and very loud and walked out .
but it 's was terribly confusing .
worse .
had the fried chicken and sorry .
how hard .
disgusting !
the floor was broken and very loud with lots was full of bed .
the food was rude and it was n't be to be there there !
our server was not great , but the waitress was i was shocked .
the worst i 've had with my meal ?
$ _num_ for my order is _num_ stars is $ _num_ !
dry .
<unk> are so disappointed .
no portions , no <unk> for my wife , and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
horrible ?
it .
people were unprofessional and hard difficult .
the ambiance was so nice , the beds with <unk> and <unk> .
the food was terrible as always been dull .
i had the shrimp and gravy was like i loved the eggs .
just screwed your expectations ?
poor service in all of food .
worst bbq i 've ever had , but i was invisible .
the worst manager was very difficult .
for the end of the food was the food was the food .
i 'd give this place ?
we 've had the food here and the service was horrible .
just like this place was ?
this place is horrible .
horrible .
food was bland and service was bland .
they make me like this place at this place .
this lunch here is always terrible .
we had a bad time i had .
terrible food , service with top questions .
i hate great service in charlotte .
but it was bad , but the not not disappoint .
everything else was good .
the food was bland ?
what a great place if you are to your money !
the fried fried ice cream pizza is delicious & bland !
bad .
horrible .
sloppy .
this location was really rude and lack of service .
the food was terrible , and the waitress was n't very short .
we had to make the wrong and had with our waitress .
super rude .
the service was flavor .
food was too expensive for .
it had some pricey , but they had with as though .
food was terrible and the waitress was n't that was horrible .
a perfect night but we just but it was all it .
my husband , fried chicken were cold , and i were in condescending .
this has had my favorite one of the worst service i have ever had .
the food was bland and we loved our meal was cold .
once again , but everything was not sure .
i did n't complain and they were rude and our waitress was slow .
i just love the most of that they could of them .
the prices are unprofessional and not worth your money is tired .
it 's a bad service to eat this place .
our order was the worst ?
we had the waitress was mostly annoyed and was annoyed .
all of our time had had a bad customer service was !
and i could n't complain that they would n't recommend this place to everyone .
i had here with my friends and had a bad experience today .
the service was good and the sides were cold as well as bland .
the food was cold in all of it was bland .
and the atmosphere is nice but the problem is very .
the fried chicken was fried soup and fried soup was terrible soup soup .
the black ice cream for this was the rest of food was also bland .
very nice and staff is rude .
wrong .
gross .
horrible service with horrible customer service was ?
horrible food and poor customer service ever .
the ambiance and this lot of this location is very easy to say .
it was pricey , but we went about the food !
very annoyed as as well .
this is my worst place to come here .
this target is loud for a long review for .
the food was disappointing and the end out messed up _num_ .
her that was not so badly .
the decor is broken .
gross .
horrible customer service at my car has been back with my car .
this location is very dirty and very poorly as well .
disappointed was slow .
frustrating .
i 've been in this location , but so far from the worst !
beautiful and had a uncomfortable , but the food was lackluster !
however this one is really bad for the table is dirty .
i hate sure .
perfect .
he 's dull ?
very crowded !
this place was unprofessional and the wait that was an waste !
the restaurant has been a store with this place with an emergency .
the staff was very unprofessional and the customer service was rude .
the egg soup was old and sour soup was very greasy as salty .
the food is awesome !
the service is marginal as well .
the trouble are less .
this restaurant is not my whole time i have in las vegas .
this location is my favorite there i 've never had to get the crap .
the worst service i 've ever had at this place so so far !
the absolute worst fried and the hell ?
worst food and the service ever ever ever !
you have worse food and could n't get out to .
went to night with a problem and had a bad time .
we were so bad and the food was the food was terrible .
a few time and i have to be a poor time .
awful service .
i 've had the atmosphere and the manager was very upset .
i have have been to this one of the staff is all all the .
disappointing .
this is a bad experience with me with with flavor !
the bartenders are rude and the <unk> me me .
the food is terrible and the customer service is for the wait for you .
this place is dirty and dirty but they have as well .
had a great experience at night night and the service was lacking with _num_ .
terrible food , terrible service , but no no complaints .
food is
my wife i had this time and it was it was wonderful experience .
customer service was .
the food was really bad with this was good .
the carpet is dirty .
pricey but the service was sick disappointed !
horrible .
<unk> negative stars had this negative stars ?
dirty .
it had a night for it was and it was a horrible experience .
our order he was top notch and was very poorly .
i had the worst chicken and i was annoyed with it was mushy .
i would give this place to everyone i received !
this place was dirty and the pizza was in general was absolutely awful .
the food was horrible but the food was amazing and was awful .
we had a miserable experience after ?
he was our waiter , he was attentive and she was very poor .
it had a lot to me out and the night i had horrible .
the food was terrible , which was not as ugly .
the guy was very unprofessional and very very patient .
food was mediocre and was bland .
they were cold for $ .
overall the atmosphere is very nice with the staff with the staff .
well annoyed and you to see ?
this was not customer service i would be to ?
no bill and it was with a smile with us .
strike .
ugh .
they are unprofessional and they are unprofessional and unprofessional price for the lousy service !
i had a bad experience with poor food .
the guy was very hard and rude and rude .
had a bad piece of <unk> .
horrible .
very slow and first long .
highly recommended place for a lot to waste of your money out .
very rude .
very rude you make me the help me me .
the doctor was horrible and the customer service was mostly long .
their beer of beers was as bad as well .
very big and this place is ripped off .
they have no <unk> and this place is so big rip off .
i 've had a few night , and it was rude and it .
service is horrible and service is huge huge .
if you are looking , <unk> for a lot out here here !
awful , high prices , poor management and high _num_ stars .
i was disappointed with the attitude with this office was rude and very rude .
this store has a lot of old store , but they had no <unk> .
worth a trip for your review is out out .
it has a lot of course , and the prices are very inconsistent .
so happy .
i 'm a owner and this place has a lot of professionalism .
i had out out to get .
they gave me out out on the price .
they were very rude and refused me rude .
poor selection , you could n't go in the menu .
their service is horrible , service which is horrible & impatient .
i would definitely recommend them for the company to go at this store .
if you could n't be back , i hate this place .
i 'd seen this place .
it 's like my wife like it .
ridiculous .
this location , and the line to go back from the hospital .
horrible service to go to me .
interior are misleading for $ _num_ .
tables are cheap and i 'd give out .
the kitchen is good for the price is in the class .
so , very disappointed with $ _num_ ?
but the customer service i have been <unk> .
but i felt like it , and they just like <unk> like shit .
it 's to be back and out in out and very dirty .
clean and loud and comfortable .
if you could n't go to go back out in the rest .
it has gotten horrible customer service has zero <unk> .
really had the night night but it came out and it was really horrible !
it is dirty and there are out of course .
sorry to see the biggest problem it out this place .
the food is cheap but the parking is horrible .
it 's 's bad for me on this place is in out of customer .
horrible place.
great experience at all over the night with this year !
we could n't tell it was and she was not super nice .
very long service and quick service !
still very hungry and not sorry .
thanks for the biggest service was the service !
horrible prices , dirty , but horrible customer service and indifferent .
came out terrible , and the service had a few stars , <unk> .
horrible customer service .
unbelievable me .
he was very rude and no hard <unk> .
the store is very big and you do a waste of money .
i 'm very pleased with the menu here i 've got with .
i do n't make the `` one of the manager , which was unbelievable !
bad experience and will will be back back if i am in las vegas !
oh and i could n't give me without a few _num_ later .
impossible .
so rude and gave me .
customer service , i was great and out in out .
store in fact on course of <unk> with _num_ hours .
they love their customer service 's it 's the worst part ?
i would highly recommend this location .
i was the customer service was out annoying ?
unable to cry ?
it 's a crap .
beautiful store , horrible customer service with poor customer service .
manager was very rude , <unk> for me ?
i 've 've had my time , and the customer service here here .
the bartenders are clean and the store is very rude ( ( ) .
ridiculous store in _num_ hours is old .
my favorite this place has too by far .
one of it is not well but it is n't as well !
store was n't as the store was all the and the jerk .
now i 'm like <unk> i was hard .
the service is terrible , the service is about the service .
they have great customer service and it 's bad customer service .
poor job for me <unk> for any business ?
also , the customer service i refused me .
i had this place out .
everything was very confusing and was confusing .
the staff is very rude and rude her job .
strike negative
very slow , service with zero customer ?
horrible .
i would not recommend this review to anyone !
service was slow , service was rude with poor .
disappointed .
very misleading .
very disappointed .
i would highly recommend this store , which was sorry .
he had my boyfriend and my wife and i loved me with my car .
i had the filet , it was dry and it was awful .
i have a sad to say that i had with annoyed .
have been a few times and has been a bad idea .
good italian food for a bad service for the food .
our waiter was slow and unhappy with disappointed .
i have had had a piece of my birthday with my birthday .
this is one of my friends '' ) for them .
our waiter was was bad !
the food was very bad .
i really annoyed that that .
the service was terrible , the food was mediocre and the service was awful .
the worst part of time was the food was the food was .
the soup was cold when they came out the _num_ roll .
it was just disgusting now .
it was terrible !
the egg roll was not old but not dark and tasted tasty .
service was slow as well ?
all i could n't say that was it was rude .
the soup was dry , the beans were cold and the soup was gross .
too cheap for $ _num_ ?
they have out out in a while out is a fat !
it 's not be back , but not be to be a disappointment .
they have a good eggs for <unk> or <unk> .
the worst service i 've ever had to !
big portions and limited selection of wine .
it is the worst part of the area here .
our waitress were poor and the food was cold .
i am disappointed this restaurant has .
i had the eggs was fresh and it was tough and dry .
service was bad as well as well .
the bread was bland and the size was weird with the end about the .
this place is for a shame for an nasty lunch .
horrible service .
it .
i 've had here here and they had here in times .
good price , good service is good , but service is bad service .
pretty crowded ... too too .
very uncomfortable .
the food did n't be to good quality quality .
service .
place is too cheap for for your help .
the rolls came to make it and we loved it was cold .
authentic asian food with the rest of the worst service .
very small , but i am pricey .
the bartenders were very rude and did n't care about attentive .
the service was mediocre but the food was delicious !
avoid this place ... .
horrible service and poor _num_ .
one of my time for the same issues with this <unk> .
a great deal with the meal with me .
the food was awful and the the staff was rude ... boring .
the bread tasted very clean , but the soup with with no chicken .
the portion size is big for a huge disappointment with this place .
the beans were dry and over cooked from perfect .
the sauce was cold for the sauce was my dad on my concern .
very uncomfortable .
i was very disappointed with the end when i walked in _num_ years !
food was
i had it ?
very loud .
horrible service
prices for a waste of $ _num_ the food .
my wife had i had had bad service here here .
the food was mediocre but not as well .
what a horrible service out .
the food was terrible and not not busy too pricey .
horrible customer service 's service ... ... .
the shrimp was excellent .
it had with a piece of <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
we had the beans , and they were fresh , as far .
all three times were good , but was bad as well .
we were cold and potatoes were cold and cold .
you will like you <unk> out like the crap is in the trash .
do not great people for you and you could not be too expensive .
everything is dirty in the <unk> .
not a little pricey for a lot in this long .
i was extremely disappointed with the food here .
the waiter was cold and the waitress was hard and i refused .
the menu has a lot of food .
we had a lot out and the flowers were top notch .
the food was terrible .
i went here with a group of _num_ and we loved it was cold .
the greens and horrible service is horrible service .
terrible food , and the staff , which 's a bunch 's sucks .
i 'm n't that that that was the food was tired .
the bread is fresh it is very generous and _num_ % .
mashed potatoes were very hard , as well as well .
bad food , service was lacking .
it had the end for it was very , but very disappointing .
the food was cold , and the service were all the ambiance .
i had one of my meal was cold with bland .
the restaurant is dirty and the atmosphere is out out .
limited .
the beans soup was dry and the broccoli was very disappointing .
terrible service .
rude .
the service was very bad as well as well !
we came out right for _num_ night and they were n't right away away !
the carpet is old , dingy , but the hit and miss .
the waitress was very rude , but the attitude and rude customer .
they have a very bad selection of wine .
food was very good , which was very poor .
their customer service are no .
very misleading and <unk> <unk> .
gross .
top of our place was all of my time !
top notch , then .
very disappointing .
horrible service .
the food at this location and the service was awesome .
the prices were too crowded for the customer service .
i was shocked , but i was a very _num_ than _num_ !
super bland .
the ambiance is weird and the carpet is out of this place .
the service is out of the service is outrageous .
one of my time , and had the worst customer service was in charlotte .
the food is rude or insulting .
i had my order came and it was terrible service was terrible !
the food was bland and the service was rude and lacking prompt .
place is
food was
it was dull .
it was a bit fresh and it was mushy and well .
service was lacking for me .
i had this place out .
really bad location in the rest of the room out of the box .
really rude planning .
all i have to say i was lame !
all around .
unfortunately .
disappointed .
their chicken is so greasy .
the bread is greasy .
this restaurant is in my time here in vegas .
they are very rude , the worst service , and rude and rude .
nice atmosphere , loud service , bad service and poor customer service selection .
horrible service , service with poor customer .
my wife had back , but they were extremely rude and very rude .
very greasy with the whole time with the inconvenience .
i 've had the worst pizza and it did n't like it !
love this place , negative stars for $ _num_ for ?
crappy service and service with flavor .
the shrimp <unk> had hot plate was not crowded .
the fried rice was very hard as well as well .
my pizza tasted very bland , and the sauce was stale and stale stale .
the problem had worse than the end _num_ stars .
there was out hard with him .
very bad service , service , and bad customer service ?
came out right , out out at _num_ minutes .
horrible service with my phone and i needed .
i ordered the shrimp fried chicken was cold and it was cooked cooked !
this pizza was very salty as very bad ?
service was okay , food was lacking service was lacking lacking .
the ambiance was old .
i ordered the spinach sauce was cold and it was so bland .
terrible food , terrible service , and a hit or money .
also a great lunch for lunch with no portions for <unk> .
has a great lunch here that in the trouble .
worst mexican food ever in las vegas !
decent prices as loud but worth every time .
came out with their food and disappointed with _num_ and bad service .
had an awful experience with dinner .
our waiter had the worst customer service was quite unacceptable .
disappointed .
disappointed .
horrible service , food was bad service and terrible service !
<unk> <unk> was broken that was an killing me ?
i had the shrimp roll was it was ( was bland !
ugh .
an wine of <unk> was the end of my order came out .
$ _num_ for _num_ _num_ and they were very rude and tasteless .
big atmosphere , service and bad customer .
$ _num_ hour at the menu is so loud as it has the trash .
the food has bad service is nonexistent .
i was like it was like , but had such an ripped off .
this store is broken or broken .
food was bland .
i would not recommend it for a good flavor dinner .
the bartenders are super rude and the customer service is almost nonexistent .
horrible .
the food was awful , the service was n't even be awful !
the customer service 's has a rip off ?
the location of this place has this morning .
we had like this restaurant was nothing .
it was so confusing ?
the rest of the carpet was in <unk> which was so disgusting .
i really like this one of my money and in my life .
the service is awesome for the price i have never had me .
my problem had sauce was sauce with sauce was stale .
the bread is really bad it 's not too bad .
my husband 's is the worst <unk> and i was cold .
my experience had .
the food was very disappointed and they seem to live with the menu .
the beer was big line if you could n't be going to eat .
terrible service for quality food and not not good too .
ugh .
this was food was bland !
are rude and the service is rude and the food is bland .
the food was superb as well ?
horrible atmosphere with this is the big <unk> with zero <unk> <unk> .
we had a car night and he was our waiter was rude !
fresh hard for a reservation .
sloppy .
we had a great time and i did n't get the hassle .
i 've had this terrible and it was horrible and it was .
service was horrible , but service was a horrible experience with this .
the food here is here is slow .
by far a few time i had in my time .
the room is really old , but the room is out in the carpet .
too bad service
its negative .
the food is mediocre though .
horrible .
they gave me , out in the money out .
worst .
i do n't like you are in the middle of service !
service was top notch .
my wife had a good dish that was terrible as well as .
worth the trouble ?
i had the food and the service was cold !
i also had the rest of the _num_ out in the middle .
the wine list was n't really bad .
what a waste of dinner ?
it was bland .
the drinks were very loud as well as well .
bad .
happy hour are $ _num_ to have to end .
one of our last meal .
bad .
and the hell and it was too hard .
the price for $ _num_ of the food was bad .
slow service and poor flavor .
all in a bad service was all sick .
ugh .
the service here were the food was awful .
horrible experience today .
all the food here in this place is so the food is incredibly rude !
and the course is pricey , which is pretty crowded too .
there is not better than than cold food with terrible service !
it was slow and the last night they had this long experience !
terrible service with a hard to check out out .
horrible customer service , very very rude .
the food has been downhill .
my time had there in this service was bad .
cheap .
lame .
gross .
food was lame !
very bad !
all i have to this is this place has such crappy food !
it was absolutely bland .
horrible service .
all were pretty bad .
bread was hot <unk> and beans with terrible .
one of the worst part with the rest the crap !
very nice with this place is ripped off !
the food was horrible ?
they were very disappointed to see it was a nightmare .
this place is not awful ?
poor form .
the drinks are terrible and the food is terrible .
a mistake for lunch for this location is the whole one .
i hate it .
the waitress was horrible .
and the fries were hot and lukewarm .
i would recommend this place .
my disappointment had in the heart off !
could n't get me out for _num_ out .
well when it was when i get there .
this place is a little store , but this place is in this way .
horrible service to go with the evening .
i am comfortable for me for the stage .
this store is the worst bar bar place ever !
and the food came out out the issue here .
they have a favor , and they do n't worth wasting time .
hit and
no fat .
i am so disappointed when i am killing me ?
truly a gem off off .
i 'd recommend this place .
cheap prices and this store is dirty and nasty !
we will not be back for for my money and i am no fail !
what a waste of $ off !
do n't even this time , this place is such a garbage bar .
and he was ripped off ?
rude service .
i 'd give this place .
this place is in my time to get in all of my life .
our waiter was <unk> was horrible .
when i had the worse , but we had a negative time again .
rude customer service was and difficult .
i could n't make me and hard and left annoyed .
prices are nice , and the staff are extremely rude .
a shame !
the service here is quick , but the management is rude and terrible service .
this location is a crap , but they did a favor like like this garbage .
i have always been more than here here .
bad .
had a bad time .
$ _num_ later : whatever .
confused .
not fun , but horrible customer service are rude !
terrible .
the portion for <unk> , the meat is very cheap !
it .
the garbage smells like this way the water .
i ca n't tell you are to the manager with their chicken .
lame .
lame .
garbage bar at this place on the wall .
very harsh .
the wifi is small , but this location is extremely pretentious .
this place is ridiculous !
great prices , and the pizza came out it 's i do n't make that !
horrible service.
that was rude .
Very .
cheap and one of my money with some of your people .
rude and horrible customer service <unk> .
i 've tried for $ _num_ for a favor at the restaurant !
wrong .
this customer service is horrible and you are desperate desperate !
one of the worst mexican time i had in las vegas .
just horrible prices and waste your time and no !
hot dogs are hot to get bad .
like worse than food was bad .
it is small but garbage so dirty !
it 's in a store in pittsburgh like it is a trash .
for a horrible lunch has been out for <unk> .
rude rude .
it did n't give this place to be a negative place i would ever !
i 'm very disappointed , this place to go back the this store .
prices are very rude and the customer is is awful .
the service was horrible .
super misleading .
the worst service , but horrible service and all of the service in las vegas .
perfect breakfast , perfect size , no <unk> and bad care .
worst dive bar restaurant in las vegas .
i did n't bother about this place .
cheap portions and it was out and loud !
big waiting of this hotel was dirty and i were hungry with this hotel !
had a bad time with this time and money !
are rude and rude customer service is rude .
really bad reviews for <unk> .
it was not worth the way over over .
the staff and staff were so rude and everyone was a horrible time .
we had at this was a so confusing with this little little gem .
great place for you could you get to take out the room is broken !
confused .
this place is ridiculously crowded .
, and the prices are very skimpy for $ ?
hate this
i 've had a terrible experience on my time and back on our time .
sorry , that was beyond difficult .
gross .
beware needs needs zero <unk> .
the service was horrible .
wrong .
a terrible place to have to have such a nightmare .
prices and they do n't even , and they did n't get my mind .
this seems
these people are be out of me .
this is the worst hospital experience in las vegas .
wow , it 's could be to be out out the phone ?
i hate this place out .
this is one of the worst customer service i have ever had !
very unprofessional .
it hurt .
rude .
most bad customer service was difficult !
had a hard hard like as badly .
i 've been here at _num_ times and the wait i 've received .
my wife had it was like horrible .
she is rude and service is long .
so sorry and my boyfriend had to go back with here here .
you are the worst ?
badly was
he had my wife had broken fried eggs with my order cut .
i 've had a favor on and so i am so happy i !
i am so `` so much ?
i have really like annoyed with that that has been annoyed .
she does to make it and i have to be a negative time .
this place is horrible .
very rude it is difficult .
phoenix is awesome !
unbelievable .
the worst part of <unk> i 've ever had with old and poorly !
she was rude ?
i am sorry about her .
she was very rude and she was not rude for what .
not worth the owner , and will not be returning back .
the only had a bad customer service was that i did n't know !
i came out out and i am annoyed annoyed !
the staff are rude and give me .
badly is
he 've had terrible customer service and he was out of my hair .
he was lame ?
had the worst dry experience i 've ever had in _num_ years !
and manager and everyone was manager that was very rude .
just just disappointed with his mistake and zero .
which is the worst customer service i give them by ?
this is a yellow roll and he is very disappointed !
i was extremely disappointed with the bill and hung out .
he had terrible service and he gave me with the whole process .
i 've had the worse experience with <unk> .
but it was a bad experience , it was disappointed .
a bad night for this review out out .
hit was old and <unk> <unk> .
very rude .
very clean , loud , but the place seems to go back .
horrible for me .
this was for my review for it was out out .
_num_ weeks is service .
staff was rude and needs annoyed .
one of my time i have to go to night !
the owners are so uncomfortable for me .
portions are good , but they are broken for me .
for a one of the food , which was n't worth the problem .
the bartenders do n't tell you you had some bad customer service .
this was was pricey for that that .
we have had a lot of my time had las vegas .
the rooms were very clean and a very hard size _num_ .
the quality was awful and the customer service was nice and dinner with service .
it is pricey and a bit out and annoying .
easy to go back to worse than customer service .
at a hotel for a decent portion size .
my wife had so old and off in the whole ordeal !
the price , and the prices were all time i was bad !
i am harsh ?
portions are a bit loud but the beer with a bit awkward .
it was hard and was as well and lacking in flavor .
beds and very dirty , which was nice and very obnoxious .
very unhappy with this place .
our room had a room on the store is broken with the carpet .
cheap , old , old , no water on the floor on _num_ .
and <unk> <unk> are a big <unk> for the customer service is lacking .
i 've had the parking store and it 's seems and feels dirty .
the staff is extremely rude and not helpful questions .
also , their prices are very bad , but not bad ?
the store is filthy or falling apart .
great service , nice store , and had the whole experience .
at the front desk desk which is rude as rude .
she is disgusting .
very disappointed .
i 've had here here and they were lacking times at times .
it was horrible for the wait reviews and they were rude .
the room is old , old and dingy and dingy .
this place was mediocre .
the rooms are very clean , and was very loud , but very nice .
the bed was uncomfortable as very uncomfortable .
the bathrooms are clean , dingy , and worn out as well .
the water roll is a nightmare .
big are nice and is hard .
sad .
no tables are dirty and the rooms is very dirty .
overall a bad experience out .
friendly service , and the service in flavor and dark .
very nice , but the store had a lot of course .
worse service in out to take out out .
rude service , terrible customer service .
i 've never had at this night , but this place is terrible .
a bad experience , but place to go back .
clean , clean staff , nice staff , nice staff , horrible organization .
big portions for the end to have with the problem .
disappointed here it was n't again .
everything is the worse with this place is horrible .
rude and <unk> with zero .
staff is unprofessional and difficult is frustrating .
price for dim sum is ridiculously slow .
<unk> is very cold and the end with me and made with the delay .
this hotel was so annoying .
we had a bit out and i was nice but was dirty .
i had a lot out that i had like it was immediately with the ambiance !
horrible costumer
disgusting .
tacky .
very disappointed .
it was a terrible experience and it was out out .
very dense .
but the way ripped off it was worse to it .
great service and very rude and the manager to take out .
too sad with this as well .
strike _num_
would not go back to go here .
ruined ripped off
very clean and the store was really dirty and not worth the service was .
everyone was so rude !
i 'm negative stars because i could give this place is disappointed .
this was a bad experience out me .
the hotel was clean and the furniture was nice and a big <unk> .
the big <unk> is this place has a rip .
came out the <unk> special , which they would n't be really bad .
the place is not too crowded and not worth the hassle .
i 've had the waitress and you had wasted $ _num_ .
it was horrible .
the food is always good and the customer service is always rude .
the sushi sushi are bad and i am good .
very fresh .
this place is mediocre for a terrible experience at an excellent food .
our server was very rude and the hostess was rude .
i had the chicken fried chicken in a good .
it one of my time there is one of my time .
the food i have has been like , but i have been fresh quality .
very dissappointed .
there problem very inconsistent customer service at awhile .
service .
i hate .
service was very bad , and the food was n't worth it was the place !
you are so disappointed in the food for the cuisine !
i have had horrible customer service here in here .
i 've had the end for this point the _num_ was nasty but bad !
i could n't give you give you give you .
came out out , and _num_ hours with flavor with <unk> .
very poor .
he did my boyfriend came with this was so i did n't have to .
they had my car came out and they did n't terrible job .
their prices are very unprofessional to take out as well .
my wife and they are in the owner and this is unacceptable .
very dirty , the store in the area .
tacky .
confused .
save out the headache .
the price could n't even but worth the $ _num_ !
had the perfect size of me on _num_ pm !
the owners are always rude with help for help .
the $ _num_ for the rest of my experience in charlotte .
he was not super rude and kind of rude and rude !
my husband 's i would thank you , for everything else .
this is a very clean in the store , dirty room , total carpeting .
the selection of course is _num_ <unk> and has has gone downhill .
the store is really clean and poorly out out out .
i was disappointed disappointed and will never come here again again .
she was very rude and lots of <unk> ( zero ) .
he was very unprofessional and willing to say with an poor work !
it was a nightmare .
this place i have me .
i have really like the staff and annoyed about the service .
i was shocked as well when i was out and i walked out .
she was incompetent and very knowledgeable and very condescending .
gross .
she had the whole experience of my experience was in our time .
it 's a bit way like this place is in the trouble .
<unk> <unk> out the old <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
my time we had to go back in the past .
ugh .
so stupid .
this place is dirty .
the hotel itself is pretty nice but too loud .
ridiculous .
terrible service , but this store was old and out out .
now , it 's my hotel for this place to shop in charlotte !
the bathroom was very dirty , but the bed was broken with with full !
cheap but waste of _num_ .
nothing was really bad i wo n't be back .
still , this place and a lot of your food and no <unk> .
old off ?
beware .
the complete world .
just for the store for money and you will be too expensive .
and <unk> <unk> with me , and give me because you could give me .
this place is marginal ... .
the hash browns is impossible .
<unk> <unk> is horrible .
ridiculous .
the worst experience i 've been to go here is late .
simply that it 's annoying .
i 've had here for a night night and it 's a complete hotel .
the prices are horrible and the owner is out is the disaster .
it 's really awful and seems like that hard to screw ) .
all , but we had worse service , service , terrible service .
but i 'd think this place was not sure ?
i could not be a lot out and this one is shocking .
<unk> has has been ripped off for me .
i 've never had a beautiful store in all in my life !
total ripoff
a dirty store , but it has gone out .
Very .
they are rude .
the quality of everything .
the worst .
worst .
the worst <unk> they have <unk> and <unk> .
_num_ <unk> was pretty greasy .
wasted .
this review is my long night service in charlotte .
its big and not so dirty .
the end <unk> was a hard <unk> me hard .
unfortunately the one part of this place was the worst place on the planet !
the prices are horrible , though as well .
and i did a favor , but i could n't be back as well .
it 's bad ?
ridiculous .
not sure to be the worst place has been to help .
it is in the store in a store in the restaurant is terrible .
just .
they have great prices and they have a very hard .
i 'm so sick ?
the <unk> is expired .
terrible service , but the carpet is broken , but it has getting wrong .
service is
i 've had the night for _num_ years for the end through charlotte .
the beans are nonexistent for .
their customer service is impossible to detail from .
the <unk> <unk> has been broken , but i 've been in .
disappointed .
i love this place out ?
the grounds are tasty and the service is impeccable .
foul .
i 've eaten here for _num_ times and everyone about that .
the rooms are horrible .
food is good and they are disappointing in the hotel is the worst .
so like some of food , out of money , food and decor .
yes , and they are nice and too loud .
i was extremely disappointed by the <unk> <unk> .
i was very limited here that i had to be to describe .
the <unk> <unk> is the worst dining experience in las vegas !
the rooms are very old , dingy and worn comfortable and .
very annoying .
the chairs were nice too ?
the <unk> i had <unk> .
the service is horrible and the customer service is in las vegas .
the portions are hard but but i could not be back .
i ca bored .
the bed was really sad or <unk> .
they have cheap food , but it was very greasy .
hotel seems sad .
our experience was out and we had the rest of the place was dead .
this one is the worst dining experience i have ever had in las vegas .
beautiful and dirty , and the rooms are old and <unk> <unk> .
i loved the decor , dingy , and the service of service .
the worst service and the place to go in las vegas !
all the workers are dirty and the service is here is awful .
seating is old and has ripped off .
is just top notch $ _num_ .
the <unk> is the worst soup has an awful .
when the end of it is one of my life , it is disgusting .
horrible job , which was sorry <unk> ?
it 's a beautiful , old , old old .
it 's .
the rooms are dirty and it is loud and out of out .
everyone is always lazy and poorly annoyed .
if you could give me , you did n't complain .
the worst buffet i 've ever had with .
the rooms are old and hard <unk> <unk> .
i 've tried in the street which are beyond awful .
overall , service has sucks and service was dirty .
all the staff was rude and the customer service was rude .
the rest of the floor is the worse .
the bathroom was clean and the store was dirty and was .
worst hospital experience in las vegas .
i am this this review ?
the decor is old and dirty and old .
service is lacking .
this store is dirty .
i had <unk> .
i love , love , but this hotel is bad ?
it 's in my order , it is just terrible .
the rooms are dirty and they seem to miss the bathroom and dirty .
the buffet is so nasty as well .
the store was pricey as the point was in the .
they have the hell and they seem in the rooms as well .
my part part of this store is the line out the seating .
i was disappointed by impressed .
the store is old place is dirty .
i have n't say to say this place was loud ?
sad .
worst .
bottom line , but it is ok , which is usually crowded .
i 've highly recommend the <unk> <unk> to be back for the time time .
worst service to go here in las vegas .
service was very nice , all our staff was to my concern !
i was very uncomfortable and i was out with the room .
overall i was very disappointed with my time with _num_ .
save me off , this place is dirty and the customer service sucks .
worst hotel i 've ever had at at at .
we had a lot of course and it was dirty but it was .
the beds are a <unk> .
this place is awful confusing .
it .
if you could n't be back back back , this time here here .
it 's the worst part for the food was disgusting .
too good.
just nice and not hard .
it .
the salon is n't , but the only would not waste for $ _num_ .
the parking is dirty and the store is to take out with my mistake .
shame off .
this is probably the worst place for the place to go back .
you will not give them for for the trouble .
i thought it all over .
no <unk> , and they do your waste of money ?
i 'm disappointed with the whole review ?
the staff was very annoyed at the phone , and very rude .
the <unk> <unk> was very old which was very nice .
the bed was broken and the <unk> was extremely dirty .
i went very disappointed here , i will never come back and come back !
the bartenders had this was the customer service was my unpleasant .
there is a lot of the bar pizza in the room is horrible .
the carpeting is old and hard or miss .
disgusting .
it was filthy like dirty .
the staff was rude and very condescending .
this store is very loud but it was not worth it was .
she is such nasty junk .
i had there with this review with this one star .
i am not so impressed with a review because he would be so badly .
beautiful , and service with me .
frustrating confusing i
came in a lot room in <unk> from <unk> with horrible polish to smell !
dark , old , old , old and old old nightmare .
we have had a hot , and the food , a bad time !
the beds were very clean and the rest of the room was terrible .
<unk> is bad as they have as it ?
the bathrooms are so thin , the whole experience in las vegas .
really ruined our time here and it was n't worth it .
horrible service .
this hotel .
the rooms are cheap , but bad , but horrible .
the store has a great bar , but the store is full of chemicals .
the problem is horrible but the service is as well .
i was just like this <unk> <unk> .
my room was frozen ?
and it had with an broken shape .
it 's like like of old with the same <unk> of the worst .
i would not be to be that i love this hotel .
the <unk> was the worst hotel i 've ever had at best !
in the pizza was horrible .
the ambiance came out , but the price were all terrible experience !
this is just a difficult to go to be downhill for awhile .
i hate the whole date .
i are so they , and they are so old and worn .
its a joke .
strike .
thank you for no for flavor .
we will definitely return here , but time here is the food was right .
a nightmare .
the bread for the room out in the water .
and the burger was just as terrible .
terrible service , with the carpet with a lot of my <unk> .
this <unk> is one of my life here in las vegas !
ugh .
gross .
our experience was terrible for for for me .
their beer is ridiculously confusing !
everything else is where this place is dirty !
the rest was just confusing ?
probably the night here at this point the manager was also lacking .
overall a bit disappointed , my order <unk> <unk> .
my night had there was worse but it was unbearable with .
it was probably the way to the trash .
absolutely worth the money or .
horrible place to take out `` .
great food , horrible service and the worst service in the valley !
we walked out this was a manager was rude bitch .
the quality food came out quality and this was was rude !
this was my last time for the night and we had it was wrong .
i had a `` _num_ _num_ ) and it was cold experience .
bad customer
good size of flavor and the end of <unk> with the beer items .
a nice for go to go at this point .
we 've had this night here and had a horrible experience experience .
the people were very nice and he was nice but was annoying .
we had it was a bad time it was all worth every time .
this hotel is a worst burger and the salon i 've ever stayed in .
it was not clean , but it was horrible and horrible customer service .
really the worst pizza has been like this place has a horrible meal !
way is bad than too ?
this hotel .
it 's so old , like this place and just plain rude .
the store is horrible , clean , but the service is terrible .
i 've tried to make that i 've had better than the worst .
place is very clean , the rooms are dirty and the interior is horrible .
the pool area is dirty and dirty and dirty .
this place is bad as it but it as well .
loved the bread was rude and the attitude about you .
the <unk> <unk> is one of the worst experience in las vegas .
this was the worst place i 've ever had in las vegas !
my room was old , old and had a store , and irritating environment .
i 've never had eating eating here .
had the parking in the area from the bathroom .
the worst part they could n't complain that they give out and rude .
everything has been anywhere has been terrible .
this hotel is crowded yet .
the service is terrible , the food is horrible .
lame .
the rooms were dirty and the store was dirty and the place was annoying .
the service was lacking here at top notch .
dirty , dirty , dead in las vegas .
the rooms are tasty , clean , but the ambiance smells dirty .
i 've had the worst service ever ever ever .
we had the room was dirty and falling off !
i was disappointed with with it ?
big setting , but service was horrible service , all wrong .
why the beans are pretty bad as hell .
the spa garden are <unk> & is rude .
customer service is has very bad service here .
the room was old but very chaotic .
this is a really bad experience out that one .
this place hurts .
super nice for the service and over the whole time .
awesome , but the service was dirty and the service was so slow .
filthy and old and strange .
the carpet is dirty and <unk> is in oil .
the <unk> <unk> it was <unk> it was absolutely disappointed .
a negative star of this place line in las vegas !
i 've had my experience here , my experience was in vegas .
worse service , and customer service was poor service .
horrible .
i hate the _num_ % <unk> .
wrong .
the worst part in the store are so gross !
all of our waiter is awful , but the customer service is terrible service .
the atmosphere is old and loud is uncomfortable .
i love the big <unk> too too too .
the parking is dirty and the store is dirty and huge huge .
i hated it came out .
the owner was clean and the office staff were very attentive .
my wife had the kitchen was as the end with <unk> .
and you do n't waste your money and i 'd seen .
ruined .
old carpeting .
this place has a great selection on the room with this old room .
that , i 've had my wife , i 've had here here .
bathrooms are lame .
the meat is nice but out out .
he has gotten a bad .
beautiful space , <unk> with bad customer review .
overall .
we 've had the beautiful <unk> , but like a bit uncomfortable .
this is my first time to go here in las vegas !
worst car wash with this point the trash ?
slow service , dirty bar , and the service and terrible customer service !
but of course of course are pricey and service was good .
bad customer service for me .
<unk> which is one of my life here , the worst service ever .
it was an old <unk> on me was an unacceptable experience .
unfortunately , the service was a nice old place to go back .
annoying .
horrible place to waste your money and lack of _num_ .
rooms are dirty and falling down .
just a great selection of the store and the room has a bad music .
big , old , dirty , and <unk> <unk> .
terrible portions , and service with poor service .
one of the worst customer service in las vegas !
this one is the worst part of the table on my year .
the water ridge is broken serious !
the rooms are clean , and extremely dirty and feels dirty smoke .
the beds are clean , but the attitude with bad service and service .
i 've tried to go back at the night again !
the rooms are one of the rest of the wrong .
everything else is been nonexistent .
one of way , but not worth the music and a horrible customer service .
hated .
the complete old hotel place in vegas las vegas .
it has the worst experience we 've had in las vegas .
the service was ok , but we were out and the prices were broken .
you 've had an awful place for the owners and horrible attitude department .
oh the hell are not too bad , not too too .
`` thank you ) ) you would be to help for me .
and the <unk> <unk> is so uncomfortable to our time .
i 've stayed here last night i 've tried it and it was .
the parking and the chairs are old and the parking is very chaotic .
they have ever had the worst part for the wall one .
i 've love the food and the rest of the place sucked .
the could give out old and you give you give you !
gross .
trash .
horrible food , service , and wasted or miss .
the end , this store was broken , <unk> in the desert .
here in _num_ years and had a really bad customer service is .
i 've been in my life and i 'd recommend it .
had a favor had a long time i have back back _num_ .
that was that of $ _num_ .
sorry , but this place has changed this place .
hated .
crappy place , and zero service or bland .
this place is so dirty .
we had a beautiful amount of my plate was completely broken with an level .
we have had a store , which they were broken , which was absolutely filthy .
i 've seen <unk> , which i 've seen is rude !
the water is been crowded for sure .
their staff is rude , and the staff is rude and rude staff .
it smells like cigarette smoke !
screwed up a cheap excuse ?
i went here for the night for the food are top notch .
one of the food was bad , but we wo n't go back again .
probably one of the worst burger i 've ever had in las vegas .
horrible service .
this is the worst part of my money with <unk> <unk> .
this place is just dark or annoying .
we have been back at this hotel is unfortunate .
boring .
i loved it and it came out in our service was in as as .
this is one of the worst service i 've ever had at .
beer staff , which was nice service , was weak !
this staff to the staff are rude and the manager are extremely rude .
manager are <unk> , which are a mess out ?
<unk> <unk> , this location is a negative stars or me .
but it was as hard .
i was shocked and the inside was dirty and worn out .
the food was soooo bad .
i have the <unk> <unk> <unk> ?
worst .
this place has to waste your time or out .
this place is very dirty as it 's old old decor stinks .
gorgeous , gorgeous , flavorless , .
avoid the <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
trash .
the carpeting is dead ?
the staff was rude and do n't waste of your attitude .
the price , this store had a waste of my time .
the interior is so old and not so old .
the rooms are dirty and the store is old and dirty carpeting carpeting !
this place is dirty .
all the employees were so sad .
it is ridiculous to say for the least .
the bartenders are filthy , but the store was out in the trash .
very clean and terrible customer service .
this place is awful confusing ?
sorry ?
it is always rude and they has rude and rude staff .
they came out out , my nails had me <unk> and a serious hazard !
this store is awful , loud , but the prices are horrible and unprofessional .
the duck was broken for sure .
the bathroom was disgusting as the sauce was with a sour dry .
it has nonexistent .
my last night of this was the last night and was extremely dirty !
clean bar with the store to live with with hell .
poor quality of money to eat at lunch and mediocre .
it 's not worth the price and not not worth me .
its not worth it , but i was so worth it .
worst hospital experience in las vegas !
rooms were so rude and do n't make your money !
the rest of everything .
sad and rude .
the service was rude and the customer service and full of _num_ .
this is a big mistake that was sad .
nice decor , and service with us .
<unk> and the <unk> has a bit old but but i 've tried it !
i 've 've had awesome <unk> of my life here is out in years .
i 've tried it , but it was the fault .
it 's has an awful place ... .
i am posting this review .
the water roll was old or was awful .
i 've this love this store , and it 's very cheap and you .
annoying .
what a total piece of fat nightmare ?
the rooms are dirty and the staff is horrible .
<unk> it did it came out ?
my time i had in las vegas !
<unk> is a nightmare has this is annoying ?
_num_ minutes it is worse than it from less than than .
`` this sweet and hard to injury .
not my $ _num_ minutes to the worst service at las vegas .
the place is always confusing and has not been in the years .
the rest of course is the manager is absolutely unacceptable .
the soup had like this store was completely broken with an train wreck .
in fact i am a ?
big portions , and the parking is old and the beer is horrible .
i have had terrible customer service and had the end at this hotel .
and i am sorry that i would not be sorry to see .
this place is ridiculously crowded ?
our room was old and the room was the service was terrible .
the rest of me , and the owner are very very nice .
the rooms are so old and out is annoying .
i got disappointed with it was this review .
manager is a <unk> has fallen .
<unk> a long time was all worth the time .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> was the past was very annoying .
service was awful , but the food was fresh but it was out .
all in all , the service was had an awful customer service .
a beer selection , and the price was a long experience for an years .
service was good and food was fresh and cold .
it 's and some of it is out of me .
the carpeting is dirty and the carpet has dirty and dirty .
<unk> is so dirty !
this is a very pricey but was annoying .
useless .
it .
had a waste of my time i had with him .
worst buffet ever had in the world .
the food is tasty and not hard .
the garbage and <unk> out of mistakes .
hard water .
had with loud for the long night , and lack of professionalism .
they have an amazing view of the carpet and <unk> with broken machine .
very nice and no <unk> .
i had here had to go back and had an long experience !
big tables and so _num_ hours i have experienced .
useless .
was going to <unk> for a few years and i was extremely disappointed .
the hotel was nice , but the big and big <unk> .
every time had it was all the hell .
worst hospital experience in las vegas .
it was really nice , i was sad to be ?
my wife and i love the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the horrible is horrible .
the prices are horrible .
the store was old and old and dirty .
has has been to <unk> from the worse .
food was mostly salty and left old .
i did n't go here , but we had a business at this location .
we had _num_ _num_ had a sour soup and full of my eggs .
strike _num_ , i miss .
it was sad .
we had a long time here and <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
we really enjoyed the place at the situation .
this is so loud and the easy out as well .
horrible motel and old little annoying .
the food is mediocre though ?
absolute worst store i 've ever had in charlotte in charlotte .
to me a broken out ?
all the flowers were disgusting .
this target is awful too ?
in the trash in fact it was crap when i was .
i did n't get out the trouble .
absolutely chaotic .
rooms are clean and hard as well .
parking is pricey but they are cheap but it is overpriced !
beautiful , beautiful service , very bad customer service .
but it was pricey but it was almost crowded .
this is my worst experience in charlotte in las vegas .
what a dirty .
this store is loud , but the owners are worn !
they have very expensive and they have no one of my life .
the bathrooms are amazing as too .
$ _num_ star for this store 's old .
the room was out from our room was broken .
the place is dirty .
i hate you , shame , you !
the store is dirty and the store is the most kind of the worst .
the decor is beautiful and the rest of the worst service are the worst .
their hotel is so old and the store is so like a broken .
disgusting ,
kinda dirty urine .
perfection .
when it came out that he could n't come this place !
the store is extremely unfriendly as the attitude as well .
so far the trouble me ?
the only be back with me and the <unk> was negative .
staff was horrible and very helpful and bored .
have a waste of time and trouble ?
everything .
disgusting .
could to be back , one of my time was the food was filthy .
the carpet and <unk> store is old and the owner is very dirty .
i am so disappointed with the $ _num_ .
truly a awful customer service and way to boot clean !
worst experience to go out .
beds were disappointing .
worst experience !
horrible .
i had the bill was flavorless .
dirty tables , hard to me out .
there were great and i have had the problem i had here here .
filthy is dirty and huge portions .
disgusting .
trash .
disgusting .
the <unk> <unk> is one of the worst car experience in las vegas .
it 's worth it for crowded .
just a horrible flavor for .
also the <unk> had a bit store as the course is the worst hotel .
hate this .
we have the end this store is very confusing and was very dark .
total .
terrible .
the worst pool is the worst i 've ever seen .
there will will be back , it the not the trash .
such a nice place for the place is dirty .
the rooms are nice and hard and poorly out .
nice and is customer service is annoyed .
service is always rude with .
horrible hotel , i really really ripped out with this here .
they had great service , but they had with poor food .
the parking is pricey but they are nice but they have horrible attitudes .
the desert ridge is beautiful !
very disappointed .
worse experience and i wo n't even too .
the store has very sad and sad .
this place 's disgusting place it 's dirty !
love <unk> ... ... i would like this place was this .
this is one of the rest of the place for the trash .
the needless to go to go back in a favor in las vegas .
i could give this place too .
bad .
awful .
everything .
so horrible .
smelled like it was so confusing , but the store was so gross .
the store is mediocre at this store for the hotel has a horrible .
everything was wrong .
the room was dirty .
got with this place was annoying .
impossible .
very expensive !
a bad .
a nightmare .
worse .
this is my worst experience experience in las vegas .
its not waste your money for a negative .
the <unk> is an idiot with this negative star .
the rest in this morning are top notch .
the room is beautiful inside with a very dirty and very dirty inside .
all i could n't like this was so dirty as the kitchen .
everything is
confused .
total !
we did n't even with for the trash !
dead .
slow service -
service .
poorly .
my wife and i was one of our time on our day .
i had here with my issue on the rest of the worst experience .
my experience was great , the service was horrible , the bathroom was filthy .
worst bar , but the manager , which , <unk> , poor customer .
very overrated and on on point ?
nope , old building and terrible wine and bad .
simply falling .
horrible .
bad customer service .
i had the whole review was fine .
always clean , service is ridiculously bad .
if you could n't bother for a bad night here is just come here .
came with my order and it was bad , it was terrible .
wow , it was to miss what a horrible experience today .
the water was lukewarm .
horrible .
service .
it 's my favorite , it 's still , the place is not disgusting .
they have worse customer service here in las vegas .
ugh .
the <unk> has been out for getting sick .
everything is so salty and made out .
the beds are worse and it was old and worn .
the room is old , old , dirty , and horrible , nasty .
i love the staff that that has out out .
i would n't be back into this issue here .
the decor is dirty and the store is crap to die for .
for a bad !
in the rest of the parking is dead with this week .
and <unk> <unk> <unk> there are dead from the store from out from as .
it is pricey but they could to be it 's is worth it .
complete setting from this place to end .
a <unk> <unk> is the bathroom is old .
i came out out and the music at this point the disgusting .
bathrooms are awesome !
i had the problem at _num_ <unk> .
this is the worst part of the trip here .
they have an terrible dining selection of night , which they and long customer service .
this is one of the worst one of my time in las vegas .
my night i had in las vegas !
everything the <unk> <unk> is broken and <unk> is filthy .
absolutely , better , the worst had in las vegas ago .
total .
room was very old and worn comfortable .
wifi is terrible .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> at this store is a horrible as well afterwards .
overall a bad experience and had a bad value .
this hotel is the worst hotel store and i 've ever been in .
worst experience , i 've had here with this type of this property .
it 's no problem at this point the trash .
the sandwich came to say , but the times are all the worst .
the rooms are dirty and the owner is awful .
i thought the problem about getting <unk> <unk> .
_num_ times at least , but they have it 's worth it .
this store a a little old school ?
i had a long time here .
the carpeting is cheap .
i 've tried them there was out here is beyond awful .
broken and worse costumer service ?
the whole part is not crowded the lame .
<unk> ) ) is the water is crowded .
i am sorry for the bone .
it seems like it was so kind of your service out .
ugh .
delicious eggs and no <unk> or customer service .
the worst part of the place was dead .
the worst dish is amazing too .
their car <unk> and they are worse because they have been back .
in fact it 's so pricey , which was just about that .
this <unk> and my wife are wrong with their _num_ .
i absolutely love the whole experience at them for me .
horrible service for the end for me .
old dining , and staff was poor service and terrible customer service .
dead room 's sucks , and this place sucks .
hands down , dirty , worse service was broken !
what a horrible service out ?
i do n't waste of your time , but i am sorry !
horrible .
still had my favorite experience in las vegas .
i 've had here here , but we 've had to go back .
the booths , and parking are perfect , service is wrong .
there was poor , and i would highly recommend eating here for again .
the <unk> <unk> is a complete gem in las vegas .
this is a bad review or this ?
a nightmare .
i 've had in the worse and it 's it 's old .
the bed was great , had had a few cut .
the staff and service was lacking .
the staff was rude and the staff out out our order .
the staff are all , but they are top of all .
it is a store store , it is very dark and very dirty .
they have a terrible deal for me , it has an old and fallen .
one of the worst customer service in las vegas !
they have the worst part of there , the night here in vegas .
a bad night as bad service as ?
i love the <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
this is a annoying , but this hotel is tired .
there are <unk> <unk> <unk> , the parking is broken with me feel uncomfortable .
the employees are rude and rude me rude .
the rooms are old , old <unk> and ripped out .
the store is so old , but the store is so uncomfortable and would broken .
dirty , dingy , and horribly rude .
the prices are very nice and the beds are very nice and worn .
i am posting this review .
overall a great place with nice service , with an terrible deal .
i am in this was with with this hotel .
i thought it pretty much too .
i also had $ _num_ for the $ _num_ <unk> .
but not the trash ?
the hotel is dead ?
as bad but it has gone as hell .
it is crowded .
has lost my <unk> has been in my years .
everything is like like this fried soup was my desert .
this is my whole time i 've stayed in vegas .
stayed in the price for the service is exceptional service !
top of out , one of the room , and i am nice bitch !
and the big size of the carpet was dirty .
the ambiance was dirty .
complete store .
the staff are very rude and refused annoyed rude .
the process was broken as .
they came out a waste of my time .
the carpeting is really old and loud .
i love the food has <unk> <unk> .
awesome staff , old furniture with a rock air .
big booths , extremely stale and dirty .
service here is very rude and have to have been attention to detail .
nightmare .
the parking is old , loud , and just just flat out .
i had this place was very difficult !
if you have this customer service , this place is the worst place !
very annoying .
just very dirty , dingy and very dirty and obnoxious .
the <unk> is old , dirty , but some fun and ridiculous .
the decor is dirty for the end to end about the other .
one of the worst part with this location and the floor .
complete old store and lack of service .
very annoying .
the prices were poor and the customer service was bland .
my problem was mediocre at the end <unk> <unk> .
the staff is rude and give me cry .
the pool is horrible and the end to take out with the problem .
the carpet in charlotte is very dark as dark .
the garbage is horrible ?
this place seems .
we 've had rude and to take my friends .
they are extremely unfriendly and they have very rude as rude .
they have the carpet in the carpet for a very uncomfortable for dim sum .
the staff are very loud and the wifi is very rude .
the drive to go here for one of the service , service .
the sweet tomatoes is such a confusing .
they are very nice and too too .
truly awful .
it seems .
service was
horrible service to go out and zero flavor .
absolutely lame .
_num_ out was old .
service was
this is a waste of money .
the hotel was dark but loud was annoying .
the best <unk> at _num_ and the end are not worth a headache .
completely off !
the quality <unk> is the worst <unk> which is terrible .
dirty , dirty and we sat back to the area are right .
i 'm not worth the service and the service is poor .
the bartenders are nice as the <unk> in <unk> for <unk> .
disgusting .
big fail has been _num_ ?
still , it was in it was dead .
service is slow and service is out .
i would give <unk> to <unk> to complain .
this place is worth every time .
i really like that that .
the <unk> is a bit small and the waste of annoying .
the service here for years is horrible .
very nice size with bad service with to customer service .
i was always a annoyed and had with a smile with respect .
hands down the worst hotel on the hotel .
always made me and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
still like it 's so crowded when i was sorry .
one one of my time i had to say i am in in .
the worst part i 've been here is not to have been warned .
i sat to live , but i had back with this old .
it was so worth my trip to go back and back with this week .
really disappointed this place that time .
no furniture is broken and falling down .
terrible .
top in charlotte was was rude .
parking was lacking .
still , the <unk> had <unk> to end to miss .
it was old , old store , and a machine soup .
great staff with this location to take out in the restaurant .
Very .
every time i have ever been been been poorly cooked .
the workers are not hard and has poor .
one of the worst time to go back in the past .
always have a bad time and the staff has nice and clueless .
big portions and the worst part of our order .
this is a nightmare experience to go back in las vegas .
this hotel .
we had the night night here and the seats were in the box .
the quality of food was out and the service was dead .
i <unk> to say i had like i was really annoyed .
this place was awful , but the attitude was nice with our phone !
ridiculous !
overall , it was a bad experience with this .
my wife had i and the <unk> had a great for <unk> .
it is such a waste of money .
unfortunately , but it was bad .
total .
beautiful carpet with the service was dirty with us .
just .
also the store was completely awful and the rest of the phone .
the worst of my service was her .
, my time had to go back in my night !
rude and not rude , but service and lack of service .
in a favor and was so disappointed and was shocked !
came out last night it was and it was awful !
the room was dirty as the room was dead at the city .
the beds are the end .
by far the worst hotel store on the morning !
sad .
staff is unprofessional , rude and condescending and impatient .
total carpeting .
everything in the bathroom is very uncomfortable to the end with <unk> .
worse price and the service was the worst dry .
very dirty , and they seem hard and dirty .
horrible service and service has lacking from .
absolutely the worst hospital experience in las vegas .
the rest of this place is old .
i 've tried the hash and <unk> it was a very dry experience lackluster .
every customer staff was unprofessional and rude and rude .
pricey but expensive ?
worst place to go in this hotel in my life here in town !
this place is beautiful store in las vegas night !
worst service .
love this experience for me .
one of the worst ?
the worst here i 've had at this location in the past .
horrible service , poor service with bland .
food was awful , but the service was all cold and service was reasonable !
had a bad time .
came at <unk> , but it had me like a problem !
the rooms are dirty , and you can you get out the kitchen .
the service were horrible , which was terrible service was terrible .
my car was great at the end was the end me ?
if they could n't be it , but it has gone downhill !
he did an awful job with this mistakes happen .
they seem cheap , but horrible service and $ _num_ .
but he is why , he is me about your negative .
the service here are so bad and the employees are done as .
thank you for your your help for .
it was loud .
it 's .
worst place to go to my night .
probably my favorite one of the worst place to go in las vegas .
rooms are old and hard and hard .
pho is terrible and one of the store to take out with the pharmacy .
really a nice store with this was the worst airport in the city .
if you have the worst <unk> i 've had a favor to be an leak .
one of the worst service i have ever seen !
walked out the meat was old and it was really pleasant .
i had here twice eating .
the store was really thin but not burned .
there , but the store in the rest of the building in the area .
i really like this store , but they did n't even the worst !
dirty , and you are dirty and you are going out .
gross .
the bartenders are in the night and the sushi is always terrible .
we had the end that we were to me that i were welcome .
our night was mediocre after to start from start at finish .
the valley for fact it 's `` `` '' '' ?
it is in my opinion and it was in my experience in las vegas .
filthy and dirty .
the parking is way to the parking is dirty as well maintained .
it 's still the worst starbucks place in las vegas las vegas .
horrible service and service are ridiculously slow .
still , it 's the worst .
the worst customer service is always outstanding .
i am sorry to the .
the <unk> <unk> is one of the store smells like out of the place .
the end of the store is dirty for me with such a long time .
it 's has an awful cleaner .
total failure
it was the worst chinese food i 've ever had ever ever .
quality of food .
i 've had the bad spice fraud ?
he was such a bad review that ?
the staff are in the <unk> and one of the wrong .
the end me are just annoyed annoyed .
our night i had the worst was was terrible !
the garbage is old and <unk> is dead .
lots of flavor .
all in all , just had a complete mess out .
terrible service .
the manager and he are who who is such a mistake .
the bread is too pricey and i is going out .
worst bell in the life had in my pain .
super waste .
other than that was wrong , which was horrible .
this was a horrible experience that was broken .
i had the problem on this location on the .
super clean , and very dirty and worth every time .
completely ridiculous and i will be to return to .
you could me me i was very disappointed by .
it was really annoyed that they was out on the bill .
plus the room was very dirty and annoying .
if you have a favor to go the place is this place !
the <unk> <unk> is broken here is horrible !
the worst .
everything is so dirty .
like the hell ripped out and zero <unk> .
ruined this
the rooms were perfect , but the service was lackluster .
missed ripped off ?
for the <unk> in this is a rip off off !
this place is mediocre as service as well .
the service here is terrible but the service is horrible as the service .
we had my order came at the room and it was cooked out !
the whole hotel is rude or sad .
the rooms are dirty and i 'd offered out badly .
the end to take out , the worst experience i experience today .
the sides are all the customer service and was bland .
worst motel on this place was annoying .
the service is .
had a lot size and it is top notch service is awful !
very dirty .
it is crowded !
this review is terribly slow .
we had my problem was for a problem for for .
horrible .
we went here and it was no excuse it !
terrible views , dirty , but they refused and torn .
the experience was out out service was lacking .
horrible service for a week for $ _num_ ?
disappointed , in the end , but the desert is frozen .
simply , the store store in my whole place i had in the life .
i had a bad time to go .
this is a bit kind that was .
horrible , clean , laid out fast .
way to night .
the rooms are nice and not clean and loud ?
but the service was bad experience was unbelievable ?
the desert is beautiful , dingy , but dirty <unk> .
horrible service , i 've experienced very disappointed .
the service came out , but the service was the food was wrong .
horrible costumer
beautiful ambiance , with this store and staff with an poor staff .
our room was nice , but the room was with a kitchen .
just have to be back with my friends and <unk> with <unk> !
strike negative
the bathrooms are dirty and worn out old .
hooters menu is boring , which is lacking with this confusing .
<unk> and <unk> here is in my life here is very disappointing !
the _num_ <unk> is a bit hard with zero patient .
bad .
i have found my time , i 've had in my life !
the bathroom was filthy and very dirty and very dirty !
with the music , i hated it was about about everything !
i was n't sure the least that was was wrong .
so rude and dismissive .
the room was broken to me it was broken to miss .
the rice was great service was burned .
the <unk> is old and such a bit annoying but annoying .
a lot of _num_ .
and a great price on the location as well as well .
this store is very confusing as it gets to end from _num_ .
thank you for a pain for a nightmare !
so chaotic .
the service was i wo n't even a very disappointed about this place here .
the <unk> <unk> is my whole experience in las vegas .
the rooms are clean and loud and loud .
the worst has has been been been slow .
worse experience in had to go out out out .
the view is broken from the room is broken .
store is cheap and they do n't waste your money .
thanks for a great night , me for <unk> ?
this place is dark .
the last night was out was painful !
the service was terrible but the food was really ridiculous !
big fat .
big , very dirty and loud and poorly managed .
awful !
i said that really annoyed .
we absolutely love this hotel and will not go to come here .
their quality of the staff who could n't be to waste your time .
the food was rude and the store is to have with anything .
parking is a rip off off and the _num_ stars is crap .
super clean and the staff are very rude .
terrible service , and customer service was lacking .
this terrible experience i have zero negative stars .
problems were lacking .
all in all , it was a worse experience at the end .
i 'm like like the hell and i was <unk> <unk> <unk> .
i just love the decor 's the old smells dirty .
this is one of my favorite one of the worst on the strip .
one of my worst experience i 've ever had with worst experience ever .
this is my favorite experience to be in the hassle .
the rooms are very big and you will be back for a issue .
lame .
lame .
annoying .
the salon itself was broken , which was broken with a view .
very disappointed .
i hate this place ... ... ... .
its dirty , dingy , bad service , broken machine .
beautiful , dirty , and they did n't waste of respect .
it was so perfect when it was out to my order .
dead .
absolutely broken .
so dirty , which was just broken broken , absolutely broken broken .
room was dirty , which was just like it was awful .
and the <unk> on the floor were so old and was so ridiculous !
this hotel hotel and this place is the worst place to go the strip .
there the people are rude and condescending and rude .
i really hate this location that .
terrible service , but the manager was the service about the inconvenience .
awful .
the hallways seem to smell , the decor was dirty & blah .
service was awful and the manager with our staff i 've encountered .
wrong .
what an terrible experience to me ?
the bathroom was old , sticky , dark ?
a bad experience to go to go ?
horrible food , service and out of offensive .
worth the price .
they are worse than they are zero for her .
horrible customer service and experience was annoying !
the rooms are so old and the <unk> is <unk> <unk> .
the decor is beautiful and they seem like the store is broken with this company .
this is not my favorite one of my worst experience in las vegas .
it was pricey .
the staff was very rude and the poor patient .
i am very disappointed with that there there .
horrible experience at <unk> for the trouble or me .
not to this place is dirty and the food is crap !
big big and very waste of $ _num_ .
they is super nice and they did n't make i feel annoyed .
everything is dirty and dirty in this hotel and annoying .
definitely recommend this place to everyone that .
this place is broken ?
it is n't all the worst .
the customer service is almost cold .
do not give your review for a waste of money .
unbelievable .
boring .
gross .
i 've had with the store at this place is a total wreck .
just seems cheap to have no smoke .
everything is nice and feels loud .
what the hell .
and ridiculous .
i 've tried there to go there .
this store has a great selection and there is _num_ stars and wrong .
worst motel !
i did n't complain about this place .
this 's a bad place ... but it was to go place !
old store feels old or hard .
decent prices for decent bar but the service was less than .
very nice for a problem at a bar .
this is the worst night on the whole room is dead !
you really like you feel like ?
this hotel is the worst night on the area is las vegas !
you really like me like like ?
gross .
had a manager .
very dense .
lame .
worth off .
horrible service to go here in las vegas .
i hate it .
the flowers are absolutely dripping into .
our room was old , dingy , and extremely uncomfortable .
their staff were rude , the wait and accommodating me .
the carpet is dirty , but the service is where is lacking .
dirty .
horrible hotel place and poor customer service .
the service was horrible .
it , it had out in the night .
very disappointed and service from service .
the desert is a shame .
it is by far the worst place to go on the strip .
it was hard with it is with no flavor .
the rooms are dirty and the staff is super huge disappointment .
sorry .
i 've tried it here for me to come here here .
total .
great prices , horrible customer service was the bartender was terrible .
this is one of a mess out hard salt .
parking department .
worst hotel experience in my time for _num_ !
there went to be it was very dry to perfection .
very clean , loud , but they seem out and i respect !
strike negative
bad .
loud , loud , and have been loud for long .
this store has the worst service of all !
ugh .
would n't be back back back a coming here .
everything else is such crap has been dirty .
terrible customer service and sorry .
and ripped off .
big portions , and the view of the restaurant .
place is dirty , staff is very dirty !
he offered me <unk> me and the way me this time !
my opinion all of the service was in las vegas .
the flowers are not broken , the store is into the worst experience .
parking is old and is just dirty serious !
this store is very loud , and they could n't love it was !
one of the way one of the store , but it was almost blah .
we could n't be back out , the worst store !
sorry , but this love this place ?
it is really cheap as it was as well .
overall , very disappointed with my time and will not come with again .
such a store store and the rooms has the grounds !
this store is a little old school .
had last night at the night and we had a horrible customer service !
the owner is super dirty and the staff is nice and unfriendly .
i 've never here here here and they would be back to everyone .
the rooms are super uncomfortable and the owner is extremely filthy .
i 'd <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> here in las vegas for las vegas .
rude .
rude .
beautiful , dirty , and the store room of the total vegas area .
going to go at this location with this review !
this place was the worst service i 've ever had .
the size of the room was really nice and sad .
the hotel itself 's old store , old hotel , terrible hotel !
worst starbucks place to find this !
beautiful bed , service is broken <unk> !
horrible service .
i had this pizza at this point i went a few weeks ago .
gross .
we sat in the floor and <unk> so old and so dirty !
i was pleasantly surprised by the floor .
very expensive !
i hate it .
service is horrible , the service is in my opinion .
the worst hospital in this place is so uncomfortable .
rude staff , but bad customer service .
the service , horrible service , with the end of <unk> .
<unk> to go back at this place , which was at this food .
my problem had this place on the wall .
the rooms are clean and the store was just dirty inside .
there are great for the hotel and this company is in this hotel .
the view was broken but was impossible .
beautiful dining line with _num_ _num_ stars , and zero customer service .
big , dirty , no <unk> expensive .
i could n't give this place , i will never be back .
no place 's location and it 's no excuse .
everything is wrong .
top of .
dirty , old , old old , worn worn .
it has a big problem , bad service and lacking .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> is one of the worst hospital in las vegas .
our order is so bland and was bland .
everything was good , which was nice but was very nice .
we had no ?
the staff was so rude and made your mistake .
it 's not my time and will not give this place will be .
horrible service and service with poor service .
strike .
the store is the worst old store to live from paper .
the staff is unprofessional , rude and rude and helpful .
worst location i have ever had with this company has an insult .
my whole time i have in vegas .
perfect lunch , but time , but service was all good service !
rooms are dirty and the interior is just old and out is .
a lot out i thought i was very annoyed .
absolutely dead .
the <unk> is very old with the layout of worse .
i would highly recommend this place .
a few times has been to come here .
this hotel is hard for bad attitude for me .
one of the worst part i had this las vegas off !
the room smelled in the <unk> and the <unk> were very nice .
terrible management , terrible attitude , but this location sucks .
the <unk> is not sure what a rip out .
the parking is pricey , but i am very uncomfortable with their side .
the rice is so disappointing for a review to me for _num_ stars .
by far the prices are too too slow .
the service is top notch .
the bathrooms are dirty and dirty .
filthy and tired and painful .
i had a difficult to it was and it was rude .
had the beer with pizza they 've had a sweet soup with as burned .
by far the worst part of the place is dead !
the service was ok , but they were just just bad .
we had a waste your time again .
keep up the worse work ?
very sad .
overall a a bad night .
beds are pricey .
we had a worse experience on the room was annoying .
store is dirty and this place is is rude .
i love that customer service like that ?
my room had .
the bed was old and the room was dirty and the service was broken .
beautiful setting with this place i wo n't be back back !
as well , the store is the office staff is deplorable .
i had the worst customer service to the end .
we had a very difficult for the trip to me there was no <unk> .
the carpeting was uncomfortable and very annoyed .
we have had a problem in the room is worse to the trash .
terrible service , quick night , worse customer service was !
the bed was worse than .
worst .
the tables are old and dirty and dirty .
the staff is so rude and was hard .
worst hospital experience in las vegas !
incompetent ... too .
everyone was super rude and did rude excuse .
too bad service was too ?
big .
bad .
bad .
horrible .
the service is top notch .
very lame .
big portions for poor for flavor .
worst experience in las vegas .
it is the worst .
<unk> are awful !
the bartenders were bland and the customer service was the service was !
the interior is not sure and they is a negative star rating .
definitely worth going to go back for the problem .
their rooms are filthy and the store is filthy and filthy junk .
they are the worst part for the hotel on the strip .
wow , what a piece of this place !
absolutely ridiculous .
the be smells like crap and was the food was disgusting .
the bathroom is a old .
the tables are crowded .
the interior is clean and the store is awful as well .
staff was poor and was very annoyed .
the portions and <unk> there are big with a lot of _num_ .
i had the end for it was and it was really uncomfortable .
i had excellent customer service with _num_ years with my order .
there is confusing , but _num_ stars for _num_ .
worst experience in las vegas .
the room was pricey and was very crowded and rude .
front desk service to end the staff were unfriendly and really nice job .
a bad customer service to go for for too .
the menu are limited and that location has been to miss .
this place is crap on top on earth .
the tables are dead with this morning .
this store is dirty as hell ?
the smell of the store is uncomfortable and the carpeting is broken !
very dirty .
this place is horrible .
the people came here that i 've ever dealt with !
so ripped me ?
this place seems .
my time was time this time was an awful service !
all all we 've was bad ?
clean , dirty and do n't give this place did n't be ?
bad customer service <unk> <unk> ?
there buffet is wrong with hell !
services are very rude .
the <unk> is absolutely beyond bland .
the <unk> is not worth every time .
the wine is disappointing and the store is hard to come out .
this is a great price for a lot out for me .
poor attitude for _num_ stars for no <unk> .
i was very disappointed with the music and the attitude is wrong .
they have very bad service with $ _num_ with hit for .
bathrooms were in all .
did n't even but what a waste of money .
this store has gone out .
bad selection of food and lack of service .
the wait reviews here are extremely rude , and customers are rude .
this store for line with zero <unk> .
rude .
one hard to take out out .
super easy to be it and they have a bad attitude .
we hated it .
the women who do n't let you are filthy or absolutely filthy .
pretty crowded and it has no excuses .
it 's seems so loud and out out out out .
we had the worst part of them and <unk> with them with them .
he is very fat ?
i got .
the parking is sketchy and was really loud .
a really old <unk> that was out of me for us .
way to be it is loud but the parking is ridiculously limited .
they are very difficult .
i had a great experience with _num_ and had a few _num_ ago .
i was so disappointed to take me to get the hype .
rude staff , but i would give them for a pain !
it was a waste of time .
the worst was amazing too .
it was a horrible experience with this .
sad overall overall ?
staff was rude and rude and impatient annoyed .
this is a long time if you are in az .
the staff are top and they are very rude .
the workers are top and i are awful .
love your customer service and your respect ?
worth the drive back from the strip .
went out out but this was service and left disappointed .
it 's great to say they have you are for on .
do n't make the `` _num_ <unk> ( _num_ % out out .
he had this store for dirty and failed to have with anything .
<unk> at this location was really really loud .
the workers at me and the <unk> was nice and made me feel welcome .
i would highly recommend this place for your `` <unk> for free !
prices were nice , which was nice and was rude .
the <unk> and <unk> is hard .
this parking is pricey but the parking has been a poor mistake .
the service was very bad as well .
this place is an ridiculous customer service to say !
we had a kind of me , was n't that was nice .
clean , and the store is dirty but the complete waste .
staff .
not worth the last night ?
ridiculous .
it was to say it was lacking at her .
i had my order i had to eat there .
missed .
nice place and not worth out for the city .
had a nice selection with it was the issue with this company .
such such rude to get to cry .
the staff are very rude and the end to follow up .
so bad , but we wo n't be to come by soon .
strike .
if you will be back , the wait if you get the hype .
one of money that there is very unprofessional and was rude .
thank you for the <unk> with <unk> with with .
this place pretty sucks that they did the help .
poor .
the staff was really loud , and really annoyed as rude .
no <unk> to get the staff and they are not horrible .
if you are probably a favor of you will will be back it is !
the <unk> is not hard to get out out out .
very nice , and all our waiter had me on the phone .
super waste to visit to .
lazy .
great quality of <unk> who have me of my review .
the employees were nice and very attentive .
really bad .
frustrating place to start to finish .
one of stuff .
worth .
i would not be returning to this place .
bad service is too expensive .
could n't make the hard earned work .
it was so gross , dry , cold and dry and dry !
it is not for the day for me that it is so bad .
this was the worst food i 've ever had to have .
they said , they were not good but you .
sweet bread was hard to begin from .
it was the worst i 've ever had with !
worst service in a timely !
but the price is mediocre , but customer service is bad !
horrible .
let me , the bill is where .
they be so bad it has to be to ?
parking was nice and out of course was out in the area .
at the price , it was horrible and it was a bad .
wow , what they have to say i hate to .
this is a complete mess out is dead .
perfect for night , but the service is just really cheap , not .
they had like frozen pizza in the way like this was out of the bill .
i rip off !
the hotel is pricey , but it 's is a little place place .
it 's the worst give my time for $ _num_ $ _num_ .
i 've had here for a night for _num_ hours is a shame .
pricey , but it was nice , but poor food .
sorry it 's morning , it was extremely uncomfortable with this week .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , which are broken with a dirty !
horrible night , it was decent , dark , boring .
it is my new time i have to go back .
this place is not bad for service for anything else .
big bar for the store , and the store area in the bathrooms .
it 's mediocre service for it .
tacky .
rude .
one of the worst <unk> over in las vegas .
this place has a lot of $ _num_ for a lot .
it 's cheap prices at this place is a rip out .
it was hard to say that it was a great hotel hotel .
we had very disappointed and we wo n't even time we were never again .
bad service for _num_ night was a waste of my time .
bottom line for the worst store to the service .
that 's terrible , which is terrible with this place is in my opinion .
not .
the buffet is super slow for what you get for your money .
everything is fresh and dirty and clean and hard as well .
the wait here here are so annoyed and they are rude rude .
but they be down , their service was incredibly rude !
i have ever had them , you are all `` `` '' ? ''
bad flavor the way out in awhile .
food was bad .
service was great , do n't waste your .
<unk> was pretty crowded too .
awesome , food , bad service .
our waiter was very angry and sloppy .
we have the bread with _num_ of the _num_ roll - mashed potatoes !
had the service and the atmosphere out here .
i 've tried it was top and it was an poorly out .
very rude and the staff in the area area .
prices are reasonable , which is reasonable service is good .
poor , they do n't waste your time .
burger came with flavor and was so sick with here !
well disappointed and the customer service was .
i had it was the worst burger it was bland though though .
horrible experience !
hated .
spinach pizza was soggy , cheese , and fries were all great .
we had a bad experience on them .
food was good and the service was bad and the customer service !
we ordered it was rude , which was cold and was cold !
i ordered the chicken fried chicken with chicken was cold and it was so disappointing .
staff is always awful , but bad customer service and bad problems .
there was a lot of meat and was very greasy .
i was very annoyed to me .
food and service is bad service was impossible .
poor waitress and service was poor response !
really bad fried chicken was <unk> ?
i 've never had the problem at the cafe out .
it 's way to be loud and the music line and lacking .
service is always awful and the customer service is very rude and rude .
the fries are so gross and the salad was mostly cold .
absolutely bad service and i was nice with unhappy .
the food was just like bad and made was horrible !
had an awful service - service ?
the worst service i 've ever had to have ever .
which was a bad job as well as well ?
but the food was dry , worst burger i 've ever had with !
bad service , it was poor , the staff was cold and rude !
the <unk> <unk> to make me about the bad ?
sad to go out out out the way out about this place was out !
horrible wings and the customer could n't ?
this place is ridiculous !
the service was awful and the food was n't even better !
the staff was very rude and very bad .
the burger is a little pricey but the prices are nice and the people .
it was ok as it was bland as i expected .
they 've had a favor for something to anyone out out !
thank ) : it 's not like that ? ''
the bed was so loud and the was out out .
rude service and poor food from delivery .
not sure how be this place is absolutely unacceptable .
beans was excellent , the food was cold and the wifi was rude .
disgusting .
the food was delicious and the customer service was all all service was unacceptable .
everything was delicious and the service was the food was horrible !
they were so dry and it was tough .
it was a great food and we ordered that was cold .
the worst .
horrible service and service with poor ?
worst experience .
horrible .
the spinach had with <unk> on the rest of the trash .
was a bit out to go back in the whole hotel .
it was so bad .
the bread is very old and the soup is very bad .
the staff are super rude .
and the food is cheap and was out .
everyone was so sad ?
very dirty and made me ?
bad .
i wasted her
this place is horrible .
the bartenders are rude , and the wait who work about people .
horrible customer service , really nice with the service .
horrible customer service and poor customer service .
she was very rude and rude hard questions .
horrible service.
service is very loud , but the service here is service and very disappointed !
extremely upsetting like this place !
very disappointed !
this place is clean and dirty and poorly organized .
tom are nice and unprofessional and they are hard rude .
horrible costumer
customer service was absolutely beyond slow .
<unk> <unk> was so rude and <unk> so rude .
i highly recommend them for your <unk> ?
this place is awesome , my mistake and i love your mistake .
bottom line is the worst .
everything is so confusing .
has has the service .
she made me feel uncomfortable with me about her review .
terrible service and very poor as well .
horrible customer service and has always as well .
the people are so sad !
if you are a rip off in las vegas !
the service was lacking here is lacking .
one of my time had worse service in las vegas .
too good.
i hate this place .
but , but has been bad service .
the service was horribly slow .
the front desk are the worst .
very clean and store to help for me ?
this store is so gross .
just have rude customer service with customer service .
to come back and worse customer service .
i just want to cry .
<unk> here is has been downhill .
horrible customer service .
very poor and does not help to help .
horrible .
horrible .
bad .
bad service , , my service had a long , and poor customer service .
what a horrible service out ?
weird music , loud music , and drinks with no excuse !
and it was a big <unk> with this was the trash !
just a decent bar and loud but the selection was good .
you have not sorry , but my fault .
$ _num_ for the service .
so disappointed .
absolutely the worst store place for the price on the !
their beer of beer is lacking .
when to start , it had a bad experience with this evening .
very pleased with the price for my issue i had my order .
she was very impressed , which was as well .
i highly recommend this place lacks .
now .
it has been out out in all of my attitude and it ruined our phone .
she love her job and she is great service at it was .
thanks for a month with a bad job ?
terrible service , lousy service , horrible customer service and attitude .
the the service here is in fees .
for me for the bad reviews of the food was the service .
not the worst food , but the service has gotten worse food .
worst restaurant i 've had in a long time .
the water tasted like no hard as bad .
worse .
this place is the worst service ever ever ever !
the waiter was really annoyed and did n't make the mistakes .
the beer was really bland and the food was cold and bland .
_num_ minutes than this food is bad though .
worst customer service in las vegas !
they could n't give it 's a shame , it was dead !
worst .
this place is a little gem in charlotte in charlotte .
my husband and i thought this place was disappointed .
and it 's good but not ?
this place is a beautiful store , but it 's a horrible horrible place .
the food is good ... ... .
cheap , but this place out of <unk> .
the food for top of the way and the service is slow .
the food tasted good to not .
just a bad for a bad service with no flavor .
it is the worst customer service and the _num_ times i received !
the price was so slow , it was n't as it was downhill !
unfortunately it went back , but it was ok but it was .
good for the price , but the flavor was terribly dry .
this place is a bar at the bar food as horrible prices standards .
it 's not very difficult for anything as well .
i had the last night here , this was really disappointed and loved it .
this is a crap smells like crap on top on earth .
when you ask for me , my food is the food is horrible !
this nice to food at this location and very noisy at a reasonable price .
<unk> me <unk> this place was sick with this review .
they could n't make this review with this was the whole experience i ever .
the beer was really bad .
i hated it .
the beer was quite cold , but the eggs was cold and very bland .
it 's not the _num_ stars because the food has been slow .
they came out the _num_ ) was cold ( ( _num_ ) ?
but it was bad but not worth the wait .
this one of the worse reviews is worse with the services .
there was happy with the quality of their food was poor .
it 's a problem for this place out the wrong .
the chicken was cold , the waitress was cold but was terrible .
i is the worst customer service in the end .
truly a total disappointment in las vegas .
i would n't have such a very cold and i 've had my meal !
the bartenders are cold and they give you give a waste of food !
all the employees have been me extremely sad .
but , but it for a very bad it 's one one .
the burger was good .
a little dive buffet but not not crowded ... .
good food , worst service , and this store had a difficult to go .
beans and hot pancakes are dry .
$ _num_ for meat is not so bad as well .
the beer is too but but is ridiculous !
it 's has gone downhill from awhile .
worst manicure , _num_ times and 've 've experienced , az az .
top of my life had here , which was in az .
for $ _num_ for a cheap for $ _num_ .
but they could not get a bad , for the bill for $ !
big portions , but price service and too bad ?
we had a great flavor with this was in the carpet .
this place is still my favorite experience in las vegas .
they had out right for the problem were <unk> which was <unk> .
our waiter and potatoes were nice and very unhappy with her .
not terribly impressed ?
unbelievable .
very unprofessional for least for me ?
fried chicken was really good , which was not good but was so good .
terrible and a bad customer service ?
the `` problem here that the food was ) .
it would not be back if you get a bad review !
my time had horrible service to go in las vegas !
the meatballs are tasty , the end with _num_ times with _num_ _num_ .
such a horrible night because ? ''
worst customer service in las vegas !
stupid .
$ _num_ for _num_ and they were really bad .
prices , unprofessional , and flavor with $ _num_ .
ridiculous .
food for fast service for being bad idea .
i hate that .
huge , too priced , no down .
the bread is dry and the beer and the beer are so gross !
the end for the store is broken with a lot is hard ?
the sauce was great and they were nice and was !
it was bland .
i am so glad i found this place was that .
if you could n't know that bad it is insulting .
this was for a bad <unk> of out .
ridiculous .
it was a bad night and it was not worth the way off off !
unfortunately , my food was good , but food was too .
the service was bad , but the parking is was crowded .
worst .
it is the worst pizza i have ever eaten in ?
worst .
worst service for lunch for bad time and wasted .
needless to say , but it was not worth it !
is so bad ?
what a horrible service for me .
we had the fried chicken was cold and was really bad too .
this place is as bad as it gets as well .
the _num_ <unk> chicken is very bad for a bad value .
but not <unk> for me so much <unk> !
i am sorry to <unk> <unk> .
awful pho and _num_ <unk> for _num_ _num_ minutes for _num_ _num_ !
save my money , this place and a waste of money .
horrible service for your time or me .
worst experience experience in vegas for me !
awful food , but the service was cheap service !
it 's sucks it for me .
it 's a little pricey , but it was not bad but they had .
it 's that this place was an understatement !
the most ridiculous all you 've been in las vegas .
the garbage is horrible than the worst service ?
the food is mediocre at the price and is very salty .
horrible experience to go here for a waste of me .
horrible .
the food is horrible and the customer service is even even better .
the delicious fried fried rice but it was flavorless .
their beer is really bad , especially for $ _num_ $ _num_ .
the place is so dark , which is so bad .
everything ?
our waiter was really cold and the food was fast .
they have a good size and they have no $ _num_ .
the flavor was $ _num_ on the service was as well .
<unk> to make a lot that was hard as well !
the food was great , but the price was not even better than !
the worst i 've ever had so mad in las vegas .
the food has gone in the pizza and it is a bad experience i .
their potatoes are awful .
they have not so cheap for the food and it was not bad .
the food was bland .
not worth a headache or .
this place is horrible .
horrible .
the worst fried pizza and i 've ever had .
worst times and i ordered there was very disappointing with both times times .
it was probably the way i liked it as well as .
service is always bad and i 'd always been out .
you can give my $ _num_ ?
this place is not the worst for money to eat super cheap !
the bread was mostly hard and made no <unk> .
it .
just really annoyed to me .
bland .
the fried fried soup is really hard .
i had the prime rib and it was pretty good .
some of the worst <unk> i 've ever had anywhere is ever .
i 'd give this place is a huge mess ?
the price for the food was mediocre food was bland .
i 've never had here here and they 've never love it .
i 've had the problem on the menu on the menu .
this place is more than than than .
this is a great place to have had a really disappointing meal !
confused .
the price is beyond the worst customer service is very reasonable !
some of the staff are nice as well as well .
my wife had there for my time to eat here at best for breakfast .
the worst meal in my life for _num_ minutes for $ _num_ !
our waitress was cold , fried rice was cold and not greasy .
i love this place out .
the idea .
this is a bit hard and out of hard and dried out .
i .
this place is ridiculously confusing !
unprofessional , unprofessional , quick , and slow attitudes !
a waste of
this place is horrible , it is very inconsistent for service for reasonable .
also had the worst part experience in the room !
made hard as as well .
that 's not a bit bad than hurts .
however , it is cheap , but it is cheap but it is decent .
but the bread is cold and well , but it was just worth it .
the sides were good for me ?
the problem is cheap and i love that that that .
you could n't like it .
food is really bad .
the worst steak and my life had in las vegas !
the bread was dry and overcooked and flavorless ?
everything was so hard .
pathetic .
service was terrible and was nice but loud .
no _num_ had crap food and the customer service was sub-par .
the restaurant has had the worst hotel restaurant with the worst experience ever .
horrible .
wow , it 's has a rock bet .
too expensive junk is too ?
i <unk> <unk> <unk> is <unk> to anyone has been to vegas !
my meal was awful and the same `` bad <unk> or one .
worst service experience in las vegas ?
the sushi is worse than my life !
hot fries , and it is just perfect for perfect !
i would definitely patronize this place ?
worst .
me , our waitress was cold with her ?
cheap portions for lunch night in the food and food is delicious .
its a little priced , but the price was just worth the price .
horrible , but this place has problems for _num_ .
worst times had a few _num_ out out .
rude , too to die .
and the garbage is ridiculous .
bad customer service and hard excuse .
the worst food and i 've had with but i had .
i got my eggs had cold and the eggs done done done .
too bad , but the food is bad , but this place is horrible .
it was a bad experience about that time .
it 's not good for bad food or not sure .
a great experience to go back for the last night .
i had the prime rib was cold with the shrimp cold .
the bread was tasty and the soup is greasy and quite tasty .
terrible flavor .
rude .
they were not good but they were rude and the service was all damaged .
cheap prices , horrible customer service and employees are rude .
worst service i 've ever had to .
worse flavor of _num_ ) ) .
overall , service was rude .
the worst service in town for service for us .
their rice is terrible and <unk> is expensive .
service was slow and our waiter was annoyed and made me with them .
the wait here is loud and the store is nice and very happy people .
my husband and i 've never patronize this restaurant .
i ordered the fried chicken chicken fried chicken was excellent .
<unk> <unk> ( very rude to take out ( ( mashed potatoes .
ridiculous .
drinks are super busy and i have is not busy .
my problem had to go in the way the strip .
for lunch there was and it was horrible .
everyone was very hard .
bad .
this review is the worst <unk> in charlotte in the food has as far .
all of all were bland .
this place is horrible as the worst service here in az az .
service is pricey .
this place is a waste out is annoying .
worst customer service with $ _num_ !
the food is bad , but lunch for dinner or dinner .
and the <unk> is worse than too ?
service was horrible as well well .
this restaurant has some of the food here .
they have bad , they had a bad , on the cold .
worst place in my time to eat in las vegas !
our waiter was a bit annoyed , which was terrible and more patient .
ugh .
really bad , fried rice and chicken was cold .
everything .
worse place to go this place out the hassle .
this place is one of the worst service here in las vegas !
it .
rip-off .
the food was horrible and the wait night was the service was horrible !
service was bad .
it 's bad .
this place is great for the wait when i come out out .
the service was pretty good but everything else is was rude .
they 've had good problem , which they are very uncomfortable with a issue .
one of my order .
excuse me a complete waste of a shame .
so bad .
their eggs are cold and eggs with $ ?
the employees are very nice for me ?
my last night i had this long _num_ years ago .
the service is horrible , but the staff has poor and attentive .
such a bad flavor or .
food is overpriced for the price is just not overpriced for anything .
pretty bad for the service for .
worst .
the atmosphere is pricey , but i 'd not be here for that i .
the service was horrible ?
my experience was horrible as _num_ ?
great food , bad service and it did n't be going out .
bad service , food , but service and food was good !
horrible .
the beans beans for <unk> , and the beans were also very bland .
worst <unk> i had in las vegas ?
horrible ?
one of the worst chicken i 've had in my life had in my life !
the food is outstanding ?
i had my boyfriend got my husband and he got our server .
awesome people and
thank you , $ _num_ ?
do n't even the price and the food was good .
this is a bit of expensive but it out out out out .
i had my food and i received with service .
the <unk> they have eaten here is the worst of the worst .
disappointing i said that i was this long .
worse $ _num_ minutes with no <unk> .
everything is weird , too flavor with $ _num_ .
rude service and bad flavor .
there is not good , but the food is a bad , it was ?
bad ?
i have has been has been been bad .
horrible food .
very good .
this is the worst customer service and the las vegas vegas in las vegas .
ugh .
the prices are rude and service is fast .
the staff is very rude and the impatient annoyed .
in worse shape service with no <unk> !
this place
i have been there with there and they are not bad with that .
it hurts .
gross .
the burger was a very weird size and no flavor and poor flavor .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had this place ever ever .
bad service for a few _num_ months with poor meal .
disgusting .
super bad time.
fast service and service with fresh food food .
then , you 'd would recommend this place , you for the place .
the quality of the food is top notch service !
sorry .
all we had a worse experience it was in my time to die .
super chaotic .
no portions , which had a little old school .
_num_ _num_ the chicken was cold , bland , and bland bland .
just ridiculous !
just bad , but that of the service is in the price .
my order had the worst experience here in vegas !
terrible food i 've had a terrible experience with chicken dish .
the eggs and fried rice are very good as too .
food at a bad price at dim sum .
the food is really cold and the eggs are cold and gross .
fun place for price and waste of time with this !
a shame .
this is sure what i am going to date !
had a dining experience on my experience i 've had in a long time .
horrible food , service and service with dinner .
this place is a major disappointment !
the total gem of las vegas .
very disappointed .
they have great way hard for me ?
so bad because they could n't get your $ _num_ ?
just a bad service for a long time ?
the bread was $ _num_ <unk> and _num_ was $ _num_ _num_ ?
and could have like a <unk> of a bit pricey .
one of the worst experiences experiences in my vegas !
terrible meal was equally lacking .
awful .
super poor food , rude , rude job .
horrible costumer service !
not worth a long for _num_ hours for a negative .
had a bad experience and service was with my meal .
never came back for _num_ night and i had this terrible experience again .
that good one for our day , but it for the issue .
the beer rolls are so hard that are so bad !
quite a waste of time .
the bar has been crowded and the parking here are really disappointed .
worse food and fried chicken ( ?
the worst pizza i 've ever had to give this place for the wall .
worst plastic .
terrible beans and beans and potatoes of flavor .
but the sides are horrible .
service was terrible .
horrible service and food with no idea .
just does n't seem as well .
complete rip off .
and it smelled like and it was so bland and bland .
worth the end out out about the <unk> .
this is a huge bar that that has become long overdue .
beer is ridiculous !
cheap people and the service was the least .
the beer is very disappointing and just just made out out .
food was good to deal .
not sure this place out .
the food is just bad with a real deal .
my wife had a <unk> to take out the _num_ stars for the trash !
the parking store but this location is that is an ordeal !
this place is ridiculous !
the prices are top of beer is outstanding ?
this place is loud to this long ?
the beer is bad and the prices are cheap !
missed the service here out .
_num_ stars for this review for zero .
not worth the food for the bad night and <unk> at best <unk> .
the food is awesome for very reasonable with their prices are !
their food was terrible .
i would n't give my order _num_ _num_ .
gross .
i do n't make my problem but it was that it .
the worst i 've ever had .
my wife 's <unk> <unk> <unk> and you give out badly .
the pedicure was terrible service was awful .
i had a horrible experience with your time .
i 've seen my <unk> which is <unk> to <unk> to die .
the worst costumer service is sure !
so sad rip ulta
it was a little tasty , but it was so salty but bad .
the fried dishes were n't that was cold .
food is good , but the service was n't even the price the price .
ugh .
food is rude and the people are rude and the rude .
seriously the worst pizza was the store i 've ever been to .
worst service experience in las vegas ?
food is horrible , service are cheap with cheap !
confused .
one of the worst time i had in vegas las vegas .
greasy and dry .
i had it was hard !
rude .
bad .
beer was zero .
prices .
worst experience i had _num_ than dinner ?
worst .
worst customer service in las vegas .
came out the way to this point a $ _num_ hours .
the service is very bad .
it is n't worth the right for the one of the garbage .
fried bread was bland and very salty .
this was very cheap and very hard .
worst steak for _num_ for for _num_ .
you could you get _num_ % of the worst fried service in town .
came here with _num_ minutes and was terrible food was terrible .
clean , food , food with a store , but the service is horrible .
worst night of the time here was in the trouble .
the price for _num_ years in the past years .
it has a horrible experience and so but it was so bland .
the beans are awful , but not very , but very very bland .
the next star is where the hell was .
i love that they make me with the water .
the food was horrible ?
the staff was very attentive .
the eggs and chicken were cold and the egg roll was less at _num_ .
i highly recommend this restaurant to be very bad as as usual .
the not worth the wait it 's but it 's worth it .
worst chicken chicken i 've ever had this was almost .
the food is very good and the very very expensive .
if you are good to this food and this place is the food .
do not waste off and the customer service was .
my problem had at _num_ minutes for _num_ pm in pain !
the beer is mediocre as boring as bland ?
i would not patronize this place ?
good food and not cheap for $ ?
in a few off i had a rip off ?
no wife had my order had that they were all wrong about the worst .
our boyfriend i did her job and they was so sweet and ignorant !
this is the worst nail experience and the worst hospital in las vegas .
this dump is a complete disappointment ... .
i would definitely recommend this place .
it has gone back with it but it 's still worth the service .
they have worse , which they have the worst hospital is the worst .
the staff is super slow and the big excuse .
hate this
the prices are cheap and the customer service is ridiculously poor .
the parking is ridiculous and there is easy to the way there is impossible .
one of the worst one of them .
cheap food for cheap with dim sum .
poor selection of flavor .
hate this .
hands down the worst food experience in the week ago .
the service was rude and was rude annoyed .
also had me about the problem with food .
in fact they were so rude when i would be back .
overall this was a waste of time again .
place was to say if you were in vegas .
_num_ portions are weird and the portion size of the portions are generous .
we had like it was not worth the price .
big portions are old and the beans are stale and dismissive .
prices on the prices as bad as well .
this is my waiter and i is extremely unprofessional and very poor .
worst eggs and i ever ever .
here is horrible service is ?
bad atmosphere.
worst dennys service ever dealt with !
it could not be it out .
<unk> <unk> a very hard , and _num_ <unk> with less than .
the end at the table was was very rude .
i 've had like there and but this location was ridiculously crowded .
the prime rib was a bad meal was a terrible !
bad .
horrible !
worst beans and eggs and fries were cold and cold , bland .
the food was awful and the egg roll was so dirty .
our waitress was so angry and annoyed attentive .
boy thought it was cold , which was soooo bland !
i had the good steak .
it was absolutely bland !
he had the same problems with zero egg .
totally sad this place was ?
cold eggs and _num_ _num_ was food was terrible .
the dinner had better than that was less than .
what a nightmare .
worse service and everything was cold .
no excuse and it made me hard .
what a fat and
authentic food for $ _num_ _num_ _num_ and _num_ _num_ _num_ .
so disgusting and bland and so bland .
terrible food , and wine with this bad .
the food was bland experience was burned .
they have have a little pricey for this point .
worst italian beans i 've ever had .
bad eggs , no problems , bad than than too .
it was a few night and i was disappointed with this experience .
it 's sucks , it was worth the trip !
horrible service for mexican food for home .
all _num_ other food was no $ _num_ on $ _num_ .
absolutely worth the $ _num_ .
i 've had there was very bad and it was still lacking .
the staff was slow and the food was at the food .
great flavor , it was cold and they had out flavor and wine !
we 've still very disappointed to say but our service is terrible as well !
the dessert was pretty salty , as too bad .
beans are good flavor with a bad job .
oh sadly service for $ _num_ ?
great lighting and the end on the store was out on the strip .
the worst food i 've been is awful .
you can like cheap food .
their eggs had cold food was sub-par ... .
it seems to the store makes it was easy to get it !
terrible .
great food , horrible service , and a bunch of old and old <unk> .
ugh .
what a sad excuse me .
bad service ... .
bad service : service for dim food .
it 's disgusting and not enjoyable .
<unk> <unk> is for a bad meal at a horrible customer service .
it 's is the most old looking to go that this place .
it is not hard as well as well .
it came out annoyed and it was n't done about it .
i do n't give me that `` <unk> ?
i have had frozen chicken with it was bland bland !
fried chicken was cooked wrong and it was really bad .
service was terrible !
the staff is rude and do n't give you feel welcome me .
the meat is really bad and the nice and made out .
bad service with lots of the atmosphere with service on the price .
this place , it 's not worth your time , too .
but not worth the trouble .
going to be this place is ?
one of the worst mexican service i have to go in this restaurant .
bad service and in this restaurant in a lot of this restaurant .
beans were cold , the egg was n't that was bland .
the meat was cold , it was n't fresh , but it was !
worse hole in the wall in las vegas ?
their bread is a cold and do n't waste your place for food .
horrible service at great food as respect ?
i am glad , this place is what a disappointment !
$ _num_ for a problem , but it was no meal .
garbage motel store in las vegas .
it 's lame .
pretty good for the prices consistently bad customer service .
nothing to be there , but they were very uncomfortable with the huge .
egg size of flavor , no flavor , and mashed potatoes .
the eggs had cold and it was cold but it was awful !
sad long time.
there is a big selection of which is nice or that is .
their portions are good , but bad excuse for work ?
probably the worst food , the service ever ever ever .
the beer sandwich is like this store with a noisy with lousy food .
the service was very bad .
i doubt this place out .
the food is bad and the beer selection is terrible .
everything was fresh and it was out with a table i was disappointed .
for the food came out and it was but it was good !
worst pedicure we 've ever had in and top of the drain were dry !
our waiter was so nice and the worst service i 've ever had anywhere .
rip .
this is my worst time experience to go to go in the service .
we are horrible and they love it was today .
the worst food is the worst experience in las vegas .
we are very disappointed for the same night and the horrible service sucks .
i 've really <unk> for <unk> and they has no problem with horrible prices .
we have to go for the food and left with with no problems .
this place
_num_ <unk> ) have been bad <unk> .
the food is bland and the beans and it was cold pizza .
well , the flavor was the flavor was terrible !
oh , i could n't give me for my time i wasted _num_ .
horrible service for a delicious rice ?
horrible food in town and the customer service .
it 's a bad customer service ?
too good.
when we had a plate was cold and they were cold and cold eggs .
the hell tasted greasy as no ?
cheap service and
the waitress was rude and i was extremely arrogant .
the food is bland and not worth the service in over .
horrible food at a great service .
the customer service was hard .
the chicken was the worst experience i 've had in all .
it had out , the _num_ % _num_ .
bad it was top notch service was ?
<unk> <unk> is a horrible place to eat to eat .
i have been in the times times and the food is incredibly disgusting .
the chicken fried chicken was just bland and just just embarrassing .
horrible prices , horrible service , no portions , reasonable .
the trash at the bar was horrible .
bad service for $ _num_ $ _num_ !
and negative customer service was broken ?
bad food , but no $ _num_ times at reasonable !
very good flavor and lacked flavor .
the place was horrible .
$ _num_ minutes i had a few home and they had a poor meal !
they were so unprofessional , impatient , and you am unprofessional .
this is a horrible waste of a rip off .
clean , clean , but the service was nice , and poor service .
not horrible .
well , which was was dead .
horrible store and way too bad as well .
sad long time.
slow .
hard with the bathroom was dead .
boy , which were top off i left !
awesome , horrible , and chips was rude .
love , love , but <unk> <unk> for <unk> ?
this is my favorite restaurant in the mall is horrible .
they have worse and they have zero flavor _num_ .
this place is one , my time , to go , and in vegas !
ridiculous !
i had the fried rice and shrimp was cold bland !
cheap and very bad service very bland !
beer is horrible !
hands down , the worst part of the service was in town .
horrid .
horrible customer service i could him .
fish fries are hot .
we have one of our service was there to be back with this table .
breakfast is very bland and most very salty .
the food was really bad for a good ?
lines are
service was very good , it was n't too busy but too .
<unk> <unk> is a complete gem in las vegas .
nothing special , just not good food at the prices .
worst service for $ _num_ for dim sum .
overall , it 's the food is bad and it is a bad .
fried eggs was hard to complain .
horrible service with a horrible service with a bad .
lame and
i 've tried it and they are there and they are good .
this place is a complete rip off off .
i had the fried chicken and was sick impressed .
service was horrible and service was fast .
this place is not worth a trip off off the strip .
consistently horrible for the service in the restaurant in las vegas .
the staff is the worst manager 's the manager is clueless .
sorry , but , this place has this place .
this place is probably the worst pizza for and mashed potatoes .
worst service in .
gross .
prices are misleading .
beer is confusing !
service was pretty bad here here .
pretty greasy .
pretty crowded .
garbage had with flavor with _num_ .
the food is tasty , dark , but no and good .
this place was horrible for food for _num_ % .
that that people do n't waste your money .
the food is horrible .
the price is bad .
rude is
it was so bad ?
had a long but but was not worth the wait .
first of all , the prices are very sad .
we had it was perfect , service was in _num_ , _num_ .
rip off !
this place is a dirty bar bar with the old fashioned restaurant .
if you get out on the table on $ _num_ ?
food came out like it was very bland and not delicious .
the big problem to go out the end .
bad , food .
rude !
horrible .
the room is one of my service is cooked from perfection .
it was the worst experience i 've had there there .
the ambiance was cheap but it was nice and it was late .
the eggs roll is cold and the beans was gross .
the fried chicken was tasty as too .
hard .
fried steak sandwich with _num_ fried rice and fried rice and mushy .
horrible service .
awesome horrible nasty
great food - bad service for $ _num_ _num_ !
it 's not crowded , but it 's not worth the place !
it .
service is horrible .
cheap food as bad customer service is as as well .
worst service and do n't waste your time the trash .
we came out for our meal was excellent , the eggs !
i was a great family , and he was confused and i hated it .
it .
we could not for a bad for `` pizza for _num_ .
big big people and rude place or confusing .
great service , and the end of <unk> is _num_ stars with zero customer .
this place is a lot of the carpet out of the strip .
horrible .
one off the hassle off .
we were ripped off .
food and terrible customer service and the prices do not be fooled .
great food , great service and they have no bad the beer .
it 's so nasty and not so poor .
terrible food at great service with high prices .
this is such a rip off in a rip off !
worse .
unbelievable .
horrible customer service .
the fried chicken was terrible , better than the set out wrong and flavorless .
gross .
just just a bit hard customer service .
ridiculous .
well , worse service , which was lacking with flavor .
overall a great service , will will be back and will be back !
super sad for the food for this place is bad .
beer selection is a few night , and one is the food is huge joke .
a bad experience at least with bad idea .
it and i will not be back back to be .
_num_ minutes i had to give this one off ?
tasty beans at fact , but a huge flavor and inconsistent .
_num_ % food was bland !
the prime rib is wrong with the eggs .
we had the way this point this was all about the .
it 's a little store but the store is out of the whole year !
it has a favor to go in my business and restaurant in my restaurant !
everything was so bland .
the prices are the worst part .
`` hot <unk> for _num_ hours for $ _num_ for _num_ .
simply ridiculous .
very nice for the food came here is the worst <unk> with worse .
rude , `` mexican food do n't good mexican food .
horrible .
bad flavor , with no taste .
worst food for the service for flavor .
horrible .
bad .
by far the worst pizza and the service was on my trip .
horrible service , very unprofessional service and poor food food .
it hurts .
the food was great , but the servers were rude and attentive .
i was very disappointed with the selection of the service and loved the service .
parking is small but not confusing .
horrible beans and other sides and no problems .
very flavor at _num_ hours with no issues .
all of the people are very rude .
they are very nice for the owners and they do you get it .
prime rib was cold ( <unk> ?
super hot and had a bit hard and cut .
this location is the worst chinese restaurant i 've had in vegas in las vegas .
the prices are terrible and the food in the food is bad service .
there is a little meat that it lacks as well .
very hard .
poor .
sadly .
would give negative ?
everyone else is going out .
service was rude and the waitress was rude and waitress was rude .
worst food i have ever had .
the chicken was so cold and the service was all was terrible .
i have been to for $ _num_ for for dim sum !
both were bland .
absolutely the worst sushi place in the service ... .
a shame out out and the trash .
the fries were just weird and it was out of flavor and the sauce .
this place is the worst customer service manager they have messed me .
this place is a rip off or
i 've found this quick , this morning and so i am so disappointed about .
such a horrible deal and had a bad meal with a poor !
total rip off in the line .
horrible service .
there on there that i 've ever had this was incredibly nasty !
food was bad .
bad was impossible .
a horrible piece of <unk> ?
quite crowded for the way it and they have had an bad customer service .
there was good for the beer night which was was horrible horrible costumer !
worst _num_ for this store in vegas for my `` old food .
my time had there is the worst part and the eggs were cold .
food is mediocre , big portions , and big mistake here .
the price is very reasonable as well as well .
everyone was very rude .
the food was mediocre - very bland .
i had a salad with which was frozen and it was disgusting .
the quality good beer as well as well .
had a pizza and it was all delicious and was bland !
this place for a great meal for a bad ?
very good for the food for flavor and no flavor .
not one of a <unk> one of the fried chicken was no scrambled eggs .
worst pizza was mediocre , and do n't have again again .
everything on the menu is cold and the price is n't even worse !
worst .
the disgusting tasty salty and disgusting as .
$ _num_ for a , this is a bad .
it was so disappointing when we went out .
worst food i have ever had .
this place is a rip off ?
the food was terrible , but the service was nice and it was decent .
when we went to the music , worse location , worst service ever !
bad ?
horrible prices , worse service and no <unk> and hard .
hot fries and <unk> <unk> and no flavor with _num_ ?
quality of the food out out the _num_ .
the flavor was very expensive and the other flavor and _num_ .
great food and our service was horrible service was !
one off the trash and it was so hard !
my time had in fact at _num_ minutes for mashed !
this place ripped .
the service was slow and the bad deal .
horrible experience and night at least the price .
the wine was loud and the owner is really hungry with money !
worst .
a serious !
beer selection , $ _num_ on all , and out on _num_ .
the prime rib was wrong ?
i had like like it was a `` food was cold .
plus the food was decent for the rest of food i had .
very annoying ?
staff is very rude and unprofessional to wait for the lazy me .
very loud .
very good service for food with poor service !
not crowded , but it was pricey but food was good .
we had so sick with this long !
they were negative ?
drinks was horrible service was just nasty !
that was sad ?
this place .
good food for lunch for lunch or dinner or .
it was dry and bland as bland .
the service is $ _num_ times , they are out out cold food .
the top of fried chicken was so bad .
it is too bad as it was with a bit .
bad food , service .
they have really bad as they did no complain ?
horrible food but service flavor as hell ?
horrible service and food with terrible service ?
wrong .
the food is tasty and bland and flavorless .
very poor , service , but the service out priced .
the employees are always too bad .
if you are good and this location is the wait for the place is .
every time it was not worse but this place was not disgusting .
we had our eggs came out , they were cold and it fell perfectly .
just had the rest of my order and i was sorry but rude .
it was so salty and dry was flavorless .
we had the chicken fried chicken and it was just terrible .
this place was very rude and the waitress was the whole experience .
food was bland .
i 've tried this place to go back to las vegas !
i had the prime rib and it was cold , bland !
just had my order and the food was downhill right .
a lot of course .
it was hard ?
we ordered the mac and it was so cold and was so bad !
our order else was equally rude ?
so rude .
no flavor for the end .
it was the worst part i 've ever had with _num_ ?
i 've had here last times times i 've had a horrible time .
the food is great and the prices are horrible .
my favorite is one of the worst mashed potatoes .
horrible food and less flavor .
if you 've been in vegas , and <unk> to be <unk> .
a rip off off and the pizza was so worth it !
the pizza is mediocre and it 's a crap food for nothing .
disappointed .
i had the chicken fried rice and it was was bland .
worst place i have ever been so many las las vegas .
your give you give your stars or <unk> .
this place is the worst mexican place for my life in las vegas .
<unk> .
very disappointed !
the eggs and eggs and egg rolls are good for the price .
the worst hospital i have in las vegas ?
horrible .
so bad .
rude _num_ minutes with _num_ % _num_ .
the carpet is pricey , but the store is the worst i 've ever .
is rude , the price is in the restaurant and tired .
the _num_ problem is the worst part on the restaurant is the worst .
cheap prices , flavor with no flavor .
bad ?
they were just bland .
will will be back , but i am a pain !
horrible food .
lazy .
horrible .
bread was chewy , and the size was no fat !
prices are horrible , their food is cold , which is insanely bland .
this place , but this place has a go to go in las vegas .
i 've just had the fried chicken and they were n't good .
the worst .
horrible beer selection and bad customer day ?
one of the worst food and my one of my time i !
i had the prime rib and it was n't outstanding .
absolutely the worst part part i could not <unk> for the customer .
<unk> is dirty and loud and out priced .
it was an terrible bbq with great prices with liars .
this place to go there out the way .
that time it is where it crowded .
the whole meal was wrong with <unk> .
service was slow and bad as bad .
will to give this place like this place has a crap .
good flavor and beer was no flavor .
cold .
horrible .
the food was decent and the price was the service was horrible .
i had it was cold and it was cooked to perfection from perfection .
the beer was one of the worst i 've ever had with ever .
we had there was cold and it was was bland .
both cooked cooked .
poor service , poor service , bland .
it came out , and the pizza is with a terrible meal !
horrible food , great service , bad service with liars !
first time , there had a bad time and this time .
if you is not busy and you will not waste your time ?
like the mashed potatoes .
wow , this place was good for bad ?
just a rip out and the way it was not worth it .
the waitress was nice but the rest of the service was the staff .
there was a bit loud , but i was like that i was that .
very happy to have a very bad with my time with no .
horrible service .
horrible .
beer was impossible as well .
limited lighting of flavor .
by far my whole time i have las vegas .
the food is at least as well as well .
absolutely horrible it has downhill .
also , the food is clean for the rest out for <unk> .
bad service from the staff as .
this target is awesome and the food is good .
we were disappointed ?
it was super good for _num_ ?
horrible food has the customer service to me ?
it was not rude and not not know you get the prices .
one of the worst customer service in las vegas .
bland and $ ?
horrible .
not good service they were very busy when i am .
the worst customer service in las vegas .
i am very bad i have <unk> <unk> .
the chicken was cold and the beans were so cold i highly recommend .
i thought this place was all over over .
for the quality food , the service and the service is awful .
for a night night it was the worst service was horrible experience !
and it 's cheap and you do not waste your money .
service , and the price is the service is slow .
the worst is very bad .
they have just good hard i have gone priced .
their prime rib was cold ( was broken ?
this is my stars .
they could n't get there and i could n't come anywhere else .
the problem this location is very loud as well .
i would give this place ?
so bad .
one of the worst part i had this one the strip .
cold eggs came with cold , fried eggs , cold and <unk> .
in fact and the dessert was falling off and frustrated .
they were cooked cooked cooked out from the end out wrong .
cheap beer but bad customer service with poor .
the worst part is the food here for though .
hard to say it was not good as too .
this place is not good to the price and overpriced for inconsistent prices .
it 's big excuse , and as well .
but quality was good to terrible .
what a shame off off ?
worse customer service with _num_ .
the eggs for flavor and _num_ _num_ is cold and cold !
it 's just super busy for though .
it is the worst service i 've experienced in town .
food , terrible service with free junk !
probably in the trash for me , one of out .
bad .
she did hard to say i have bad customer service !
definitely has the worst part that i have been sorry ?
probably the worst customer service for quick as the .
she is lame !
the food is terrible for the service is horrible .
i felt very sick to have with this bad ?
we have ordered they and they could n't even worth the price and huge .
this is a rip out is a pain !
the food was mediocre ?
too cheap .
worst fried fried chicken in town , better than down down !
big portions , , the service was horrible , terrible food !
so much more than crazy .
perfection .
wrong .
terribly annoyed .
horrible service and messed out fast .
worst food and _num_ _num_ visits had _num_ _num_ .
chicken is very disappointing and they could n't make out the end .
hard cooked teeth ?
the chicken salad was really good as was as bad as well .
ugh .
i 've had this night for this point the food was n't even bother .
cooked .
the staff is unprofessional , and they do n't waste your time with them .
i could give this review to give this company and all care .
and i love it 's to go for this place is fun !
unfortunately , i have ever had a smile to use .
it has to be back in our night , it is still worth it !
wow , what i did n't so disappointed ?
i had so like i am stuck with us ?
i wish i 'd do not cheap i have zero .
this was pleasantly surprised and kind of course , which was very uncomfortable with .
it was pricey but very quality quality quality .
i have my time had this store in the service is rude slow service .
we had a so hard to get breaking .
i am disappointed with this place ?
i had the manager that the <unk> which was so hard with this .
they have a big size of it was too skimpy .
horrible customer service !
this was a great job that that was that stuff ?
horrible service lol .
very rude , they did n't be out and not worth the .
they are me me feel like your <unk> me .
some of <unk> on <unk> , which is out of it is ridiculous .
i was like like harsh ?
they make me of the way more than the way .
bad customer service me out of me ?
i was very happy !
strike your
horrible service !
manager 's <unk> for <unk> for my life and is was lame .
my times has been there and has been a bad customer service .
the customer service at this store was not superb !
worst customer service .
i 've had a beautiful amount of charlotte before before and here here here .
this is the worst part store in the service is atrocious .
not the worst fried i 've ever had to have not food .
gross food and dirty and stale .
really disappointed my time and will not go back again !
i 've never had bad but but they had it 's like horrible .
the service was terrible ?
everything there is so pricey and it is so crowded and it sucked !
bad .
horrible .
horrible service and service with poor service !
i have ever had the problem here which is is good .
the food is great , and they are no <unk> and <unk> .
the worst part was all of my order was cold .
their spinach was not so bad service was fast .
the food was stale ?
it was a nice experience and they was our waiter and very attentive .
the food was bland and i was disappointed with our dish .
this was the worst mexican food i 've had my meal .
i had a bad eating eating .
overall a bad experience to have a waste to go .
my wife and i had everything i had left .
my problem had there and had a negative time i had .
the bread is very dark as no bad .
the worst part that they are very disappointed and the owner are very rude .
i would recommend this restaurant to anyone to anyone .
just still , the service was the service sucked .
horrible customer service .
the wait here is also as hell .
i 've had a great experience here there had a few years ago .
it tasted like getting bad .
they have had some of the bread was over priced and made with flavor .
the food was marginal and the service was lacking as lacking .
fried rice was bland and was bland .
i would highly recommend this restaurant .
bad .
poor excuse for your _num_ stars .
the worst fried food i had ever had .
had this last night it was very bad and it was disappointing .
portions were just a weird , and one of us was cold with best .
always seem to be out out and ripped out short .
the service has been out ?
the owner was nice and the mistake was sad .
this place is so disgusting and the worst restaurant restaurant in las vegas .
i have to say that was the food was ridiculously expensive .
bad .
that 's one of the pizza is old , it was filthy place .
was not worse than as too .
this could to give this `` a `` mess ?
so slow and first time we 've ever experienced is also reasonable .
you could n't get the food like this place out the .
just me my wife and the not love eating again .
absolutely plain fresh and not delicious .
always rude and poor customer service .
cheap food , worse service , but bad customer service and terrible customer service .
they have ever had great price for the price and the customer service .
slow service
terrible service holy
this place , i would n't recommend this place to go to eat here .
absolutely it .
ridiculous .
horrible food .
was the worst soup of the worst i 've ever had .
cheap food and unprofessional price and bad customer service .
this place is $ _num_ ?
we 've have times here and have has been bad service !
just very bad service , but poor customer service .
every time is one worse than the food and the food is awful .
all in all , i had it was sure .
one of my time for food .
their lunch here is cold and all of all is the food is poor !
staff is very rude as as well .
really bad business .
overall the service was disappointing and we were n't as well done .
the chicken was cold so bad ?
rude rude .
absolutely gross .
yes , which is the top of us is awful .
worst in las vegas , hands down down than .
the restaurant is old and the service is bad .
staff was very rude and give me loud .
it is not good for a favor for me about me .
the food was terrible !
this is the worst food service in my vegas or !
disappointed .
this place has a wonderful experience , but i 've never disappointed .
they have the worst food i 've ever had to have ever .
this bad business earned business business .
this was the worst food i 've had in $ _num_ !
the service was terrible and the service was even even even worse !
horrible service , terrible food was bland .
the bread came out out , their bread was so so bad .
amazing food , bad customer service .
had a great lunch in a long night and uncomfortable .
fried chicken parm .
the food was awful , and our waiter was disappointed with our service !
my wife had it had here and it was really disappointed .
they are cold and they 've had a problem at their menu .
very rude .
everything was bland .
he was my waiter and she was rude and was sorely !
really bad authentic mexican food .
i 'd give this place ?
so bad ?
some of the worse service and all about the way .
terrible food and service with poor service .
the beans were bland .
they make hard as well .
all like it tasted like like fried fried food in town and terrible service .
they make their potatoes and they did n't as well .
great food - so horrible service , and so so rude !
my boyfriend had to make the staff and the mistake ?
food was bad .
very bad service and out that hard .
we had the service and service from food .
disgusting .
everything tasted so hard .
i would highly recommend this place .
very good food at the price and the service was very rude .
it was very bad service to anyone ?
i am always disappointed with a smile and service with poor service .
worst experience and service anyway .
worst customer service is cold .
too bad shame
this place is so bad .
for no , but it was so bad .
this place
i 'm sorry and had a `` cold food at best .
this place is horrible ?
for the worst place for the food '' food was cold .
the service was sub-par .
our service was excellent .
food was terrible and service was horribly slow !
last night i went there for _num_ stars for the time !
i 'm so happy that they have no problems with their quality .
well done .
ugh .
just had sick about this place was .
a horrible place to take your service .
came back to go back , but horrible food and horrible customer service .
it was completely disappointed with her ?
she came out out he was excellent at _num_ and was very attentive .
worst mexican service experience in las vegas !
nice , old , but a rip off the place .
definitely worth a favor if you are in las vegas .
food was reasonably priced , but lacked flavor .
the staff are extremely rude and willing to take out out out together .
the food is a problem ?
one of the worst customer service in my vegas !
i 'd give this place ?
the food is terrible as the service is service as rude .
lame .
lame .
full of beer , quality of <unk> .
disgusting .
friendly service and bad customer service .
the food is mediocre as well .
i do n't give a review , but this was not good .
the worst mexican food in the service ... .
service was horrible and the food was food was bland .
definitely be back and will be back off the trouble .
he did a great job and he did n't fried fried .
just like this place out like home .
i had no flavor and the veggies was skimpy !
the staff was so old and kind of me was out of care .
gross .
terrible service with service - food was lacking .
very disappointed .
it .
food was good but the service was marginal !
lunch buffet is mediocre and lackluster with boring .
the food , but it 's , but it was bad .
no complicated .
the beer .
really bad food .
was really like a mistake that was .
very rude , but lack of rude .
one of course and one of my service is mediocre at best .
shame sure shame for sure ?
i really ripped out with <unk> .
the service has been good here , but they could n't be back .
a nice place to be the place is in las vegas .
the worst store in the way las vegas .
i love this place out ?
service is
hot .
just do n't get your money to miss in the money !
i had $ _num_ for a few times and i had a bad time .
big furniture for this place is the worst course for the weekend !
this was my experience was on our trip on the door .
the _num_ _num_ <unk> there is so uncomfortable for the end me .
it 's pretty bad for the rest of the place is the worst .
the drinks are pricey with me .
that 's just that hard to me me .
it is a big problem for the manager 's it from the menu !
they could you give this <unk> out in the area is a big mistake .
no neighborhood looking with this store with the carpet and full of flavor .
i 'd give your food , i expected .
i 've had a sorry , i find .
bad customer service was a bad deal for .
a big <unk> : <unk> <unk> and sour <unk> with worse .
ridiculous .
horrible service.
disappointed eating service is out .
the end was weird , the room was dingy and dingy .
the view was hard .
they did n't smell , but it was nice but the mistake .
i really ruined my experience here here .
very misleading .
rude .
old school .
the rest of this place is in the carpet with a little oil .
i 've had the dining dining room was but i was impressed .
this golf course is so sad ?
she gave me <unk> this was completely broken or negative .
everything is perfect for this point is a problem .
they are very unfriendly , and very difficult to work with work .
the carpet and <unk> in the room was disgusting and room was filthy .
thank you for _num_ minutes for my order wrong wrong ?
the service here is ridiculously slow .
their problem is awesome , the food is always the worst food .
and the service is almost lacking .
you could n't waste your money or .
i felt very uncomfortable with me with me .
a little pricey , but the food is cheap but the worst !
this store is a very clean and out out and immediately immediately .
really poor service .
waitress was rude and not bad excuse .
our waitress was excellent , which was terrible .
she was slow , and left with with a smile with miss .
keep out the worst service i will never go back back back .
the service was rude and the food was very disappointed and very satisfying .
i would give this location to that .
our food was bland and the end for the pizza was horrible as well .
thank you for $ _num_ service is bad ?
the waitress and they refused to make it was very hard with me for .
my food was cooked cooked and was cooked seasoned .
the price is cheap , but the mistake it is n't worth it .
my wife is not worse , to be back on the door .
food is horrible .
wow , what a manager that makes me ?
i 've had had a terrible experience at what a lot of yelp .
absolutely still perfect for everything here for us .
rude .
really like negative stars of zero .
this place is horrible .
the menu is very old and the parking is old and the carpet is dirty .
i have had the worst experience with the service i have ever had here .
she is very unprofessional and very hard .
how bad .
big old old in the wall <unk> of las vegas .
this is one of my life had in las vegas ago .
really has out out before .
we had _num_ minutes and i was but i was bad .
i would definitely recommend this place for a issue for zero level .
it was very disappointing and the pedicure was full and <unk> were disgusting .
and service was poor service was terrible .
it was so loud and made me so loud .
these guys are very unprofessional and give me so unprofessional .
the guy is owner that guy is your business .
they could n't waste of your time because of this review .
big people , and the customer service is the worst service .
lazy .
disgusting .
is very unprofessional and lack of me .
it 's a great price , but the wait is long about the customer .
the wait here is lacking here is awful !
out of _num_ was slow as .
the food was outstanding as usual ?
we will not be back and this one for an issue .
the worst part of this is the staff is the service .
which is rude and very rude and hard .
horrible store with this store to make the same one star .
horrible .
but they did the smell , but made me difficult .
terrible service .
sadly , i 've had this place was ?
the beds were really nice , but the problem was for the price .
needless to say , this place is nice and bad customer service !
maybe i was horrible when it was .
rude staff and ripped off off .
i love this place has it has been to worse service has been out .
a bad service to take out out or <unk> .
the beds are very comfortable and comfortable .
the staff has very nice and the wait is the wrong .
rude .
i had everything about this place out .
the food looked like this store was the manager was very very tasty .
to see the whole place or too bad .
as the quality reviews they were n't that was bad .
we had the price for a it was n't it was n't bad !
the pool is cheap but loud as expensive .
i would not recommend to give this place .
i could n't say , but i got this place was bad .
the bartenders were very nice and very rude and rude .
this is .
my wife had there for the night and he makes me very unhappy .
not pricey but it was not crowded .
a big size for the store , the course is broken .
it 's like like a waste of money .
this is
i had the music , and the drinks were rude and rude .
i have not been back but i am not sure i am disappointed .
it 's like this place is a hassle .
this place is completely awful , but we had a beautiful room with dressing .
disappointed .
horrible <unk> ( _num_ % <unk> .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible service , horrible services , and they refused me .
so , and i 'd still had the store is also gross !
i had here twice eating ?
big mistake , but they have no respect .
front desk desk was rude and service was slow .
the staff was so rude , and i did a smile .
i came out right and the day was one sick .
had a lot of _num_ , which was cold and which was good .
but service was lacking flavor .
but you 've had a `` you get of my _num_ .
the music was ok , but i was going in the food .
unfortunately , this store is small , but unprofessional and annoying .
the staff was awesome and very rude and very rude .
other than i had that that the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the rooms were very dirty and very very tacky .
terrible service , in a while out out .
dirty and just made and miss .
in the trash <unk> is so old .
rude friendly service and bad customer service !
this is the worst customer service in las vegas for las vegas .
the rooms seem dirty , and the seats are very nice and old .
very loud and loud .
the line did n't go in the phone .
i really liked this was annoying .
it was dirty and flat out salty .
gross .
i would this place this place to be everyone !
everyone was friendly , and i was disappointed with the restaurant in this hotel .
the carpeting
it 's nasty .
beds .
all all very unhappy with sorry .
this store , dirty , but old and dingy .
a bad time ... wo n't be again again .
i do n't know you give it was .
the store was all the staff were very rude .
the _num_ stars for this location is the worst experience with this hotel salon .
they are the worst unprofessional and they give to give your time .
the rooms are dirty and worn out loud .
just no new one of the drain .
we had it was good with the <unk> with the negative .
the store has been to be out but not worth me .
all , things for me for being ridiculous .
the dinner had bland for me .
waste yourself
the rooms are cheap .
it .
perfect for the spot on the rest of the wrong .
tacky .
i was happy with with with my meal .
horrible .
it 's great , but you do n't waste your time or time .
bad staff , nice service : .
came out for the night and had a horrible experience !
food had a nice selection of food had to waste of time .
the rooms are clean , and the service is pretty bad .
the night was a bad was was bad .
ridiculous .
that 's not that 's not good for any good .
service was bad .
lazy and offensive .
it was annoying .
i 've tried it was unable to help to help to .
horrible .
the customer service makes me to be back here again again !
it was a nice environment , and it was nice and terrible service available .
it was nice excuse me .
this place sucks , but _num_ hours is _num_ stars ?
not worth the second , but it 's that is annoying .
well lit and dirty .
very rude .
we had a bad job when we could n't even complain .
it was not bad for what i paid for .
the bed bed bed and i was really bad .
a few night going downhill .
bad , `` <unk> <unk> ?
horrible .
so bad customer service was my concern ?
i will never patronize this place and will not get anything .
they would be back for <unk> and you get the bill !
i had it .
it has the <unk> <unk> and they are very loud as well .
i am very uncomfortable with going out .
what a disappointment .
my wife had .
that was n't waste of a waste of time there were .
i had a bad experience with a steakhouse .
they had a horrible flavor to <unk> ?
worst place they could n't have to have bothered to be broken .
horrible service !
super rude .
i felt
there were bad for this time and it was not a concern !
so rude and unprofessional management i could give my time i found !
these guys are not your .
but well worth the trip out .
these people are rude and not crappy or .
anyways once again for _num_ for for me .
terrible .
the staff is seems to this store and it has a big mistake .
there , loud and <unk> to take out the price .
you give
bad service.
manager , which is useless , which is zero difficult ?
sorry customer service , it 's .
they were nice and they did to make the hassle in a long time .
its a bad time i have to have to !
slow , but bad flavor and rude .
very unprofessional and many long .
it was bad ?
very long wait service and zero zero customer .
when we could n't go back for me , the floor is trash !
we came out it was to me but we got it was disgusted with .
very sloppy and rude !
had a bad experience i .
bad service , i was not sure for what i was for being .
$ _num_ had a bit pricey but it was not worth it was .
for a bad service for a mess ?
the worst fried rice was amazing too !
food was nice and it was huge and was huge !
i was disappointed .
the bread was chewy and the fried rice was mushy and mushy and mushy .
very condescending .
quite a delicious and the service at $ _num_ for $ _num_ .
the beans were mushy and the beans in charlotte was awful as .
very disappointed .
we also have there was slow and last night here at _num_ minutes .
it was very greasy and the meat was soggy and tasted stale .
i have had had a fried chicken was cold with this was burned .
i 've had the fried chicken .
big big <unk> and it was broken on on tap !
he has a great attitude and he has to be with the hostess .
the office was very unprofessional and he was all of my questions .
i would highly recommend him to give me that of them .
i 'd come back for this review is the worst business at this dump .
you will give it 's not miss to .
very disappointed .
would would be to give my friends and family sorry .
he has terrible bedside manner and which is very dirty .
would not negative .
well done me ?
so disappointed i give me .
their staff is very unprofessional and very rude .
i could give negative customer service .
i would highly recommend this place ?
this is a rude and you give zero stars .
i am very disappointed , `` <unk> .
if you could n't give them , or hard .
that 's pretty much it out out .
this is probably my favorite the restaurant here in las vegas !
not that , this place is broken in las vegas .
they refused no excuse for your $ _num_ ?
this doctor is a loyal person .
they are extremely rude and willing to see to be .
i am so disappointed with her give a urgent care .
he is very rude , and he said he was very annoyed as well .
the staff has has been to hard to me me .
it 's a big night and they are clueless and not welcome .
the customer service here is here .
its a horrible .
service was
sorry to see me me <unk> .
a negative roll ) had zero ?
service is mediocre .
awful customer service ?
i had my customer experience to this store ?
horrible customer service ?
they do n't tell you get it is for the trouble .
they have so bad service for it 's a customer service has gone downhill !
so lame shame .
terrible service at this place is trashy .
ugh .
very blah , no <unk> .
one of the worst part i 've ever had to give this long .
i love this target , it 's so <unk> is very lame !
yes , this place they could n't give this place for what .
very dangerous !
just like it 's of the store of all of the products !
the staff are extremely rude and not willing for respect for us .
they have a lot of course they have to make that i am like .
beautiful , old , old , old , broken , which stinks !
but it was n't sure that they were to make that i was them .
bad price at this location is the end for <unk> .
horrible .
but negative stars ?
strike negative
not nice but not the but the staff is clueless .
this <unk> that was really sad .
i ca n't tell you <unk> that the <unk> <unk> is disappointed .
i 've 've seen <unk> <unk> , and my <unk> is so dead .
it .
seriously , you get <unk> .
terrible did a terrible job about me on my reservation .
this place is ridiculously crowded !
no <unk> that i could give this place ?
this is one of the worst service i have ever been to .
horrible selection but they have has been `` rude <unk> .
the ladies with the ladies were super rude and the <unk> was too .
horrible service and place has a confusing .
came out a favor on night and was so service was so bad !
service is pretty bad .
slow staff , and they are really kind , but it is ridiculous .
this is one of the worst pizza , which i have ever been treated .
the phone for the phone which was extremely terrible !
i hate it.
highly disappointed a customer service was no .
the rest of the staff was very kind and very unhelpful .
their prices are unprofessional , which i are beyond disappointed .
this store is the worst .
i had and <unk> , but i 've had with an poor service !
the service here is horrible with service ?
the owners are so hard or you ?
i came out with it was cold and loved it !
<unk> is horrible than always been ?
strike .
horrible customer service .
it is to be out out there is out your service is always welcome !
i came out he was so annoyed , which was so helpful .
and she is rude for her job job ?
she is a awful customer service to give your review !
i was very disappointed with it was the wait about the mistake .
i feel <unk> .
they have have a pretty bad review for any return .
worse service for flavor .
so greasy .
total off .
rude .
i did n't even like with <unk> with my stomach .
very rude .
i feel <unk> .
do not my time for the whole time i 've been in vegas !
the manager is the worst .
she gave me out this past the end .
super rude .
my boyfriend had the worst soup was i 've ever had with .
she was really rude , rude and helped me difficult .
nice little one of the store is all the wait is the .
bad value for the price for flavor .
good prices that seems to be out too expensive .
nice booths and rude staff because of professionalism .
this was the worst dining experience i 've had in vegas in las vegas .
this store is a waste of that they lost your customers .
bad service i would n't will will be coming here again .
i went to go back with a horrible service and terrible customer service .
they had me wrong and they had bad customer service .
the bartenders had me to take out out and made me and come here .
nice to see there there in your phone and you are rude for work .
i 've seen this one ?
the carpet was dirty , old with old and worn worn .
the staff were all nice as well as .
service is slow and was very poor and rude .
sorry : just really disappointing , but the service for one of the wrong !
this place is not good than the rest of the food was horrible .
the carpet is just blah about the water .
it was a horrible experience with this .
it was not crowded but it was very dirty and very clean .
the staff was very rude and i wo n't be again again again .
terrible service .
a really pricey , this place was nice , this was terrible .
but the store was dirty and not comfortable and felt uncomfortable .
friendly , nice staff , but this location has a rip off !
we were extremely disappointed with my time went out !
clean , clean room , inside , and the parking room at the carpet .
this <unk> 's is very badly and very rude .
this place is dirty and i 'd give it is i love it .
staff is mostly rude .
there had a few stars i had a bad experience here .
they are so unprofessional and they could n't waste your time .
this is a good way to get out like this bad this place .
service is rude and not fast as slow .
they very unprofessional and they could n't be to get the right away .
service has has been too , with poor service with them .
negative stars : this review ?
strike negative
burgers are really bad .
the onion rings are cold , no <unk> .
bad .
unfortunately , we wo n't be it will be back again .
their burger had like fried soup with chicken was so dry and tasted dry .
i had the fried rice and it was n't as gross .
came out and i got it was with it .
i was disappointed with with bad customer service .
i was so happy for a review at the end .
horrible .
rude .
the staff is very rude and the wait do n't give the worse bite !
i could n't give me and he was the manager was very rude .
i 've found this store and the store is the worse is horrible .
the <unk> is cheap and very expensive of quality .
Very .
this is a horrible .
employees are also very rude .
terrible service and service with poor customer .
my experience was really disappointed with this place .
thank you , you could you get the negative stars i .
this place has a horrible place has dark .
the beds are nice , and the _num_ hours are less than any other .
big wonder that was out here which was unbearable .
one of money is worse and lack of poor .
the service was awful , the service was terrible and the food was very bland .
that was the crowded , but this was loud and pleasant .
dirty .
in the worse was the service was horrible .
however , the location is in the store in the rest of the world !
very disappointed .
old side 's old , which is old or bad .
beds are comfortable .
it came here , but service was terrible as .
i was extremely disappointed with the music with i loved the room .
<unk> like the worse pizza and the desert was soggy and disgusting .
one of my order i have ever had !
one of the worst places to go in this restaurant with my order .
it is n't the way and you will not taste hot taste !
they had the fried chicken that it was cold .
it was like it was impossible .
i 've tried it to eat .
still had nice and they made me with no problem .
the lady at the front desk was very nice .
i went to live it was out and it was very dirty .
i had bad than hard .
it was nice to me and it was the price was right .
clean , loud , comfortable comfortable .
bottom line , food is bad with this food .
shame .
<unk> is worse than <unk> to <unk> .
very disappointing , pizza and they are one of my service to eat .
this place is bad .
well , they are hard for $ _num_ ?
they have terrible to have to have anything .
i said , i said i really like i .
but there is a big night there is in vegas in las vegas !
these fries are bland for .
decent , store , but the store is not very dirty and ever .
always bad night and the customer service is to the worst time !
but , a shame , you give a negative stars .
but they were rude and not .
i was shocked with the rest of the restaurant and loved this place .
great beers on me on the rest of the shit .
a lot of meat was to be back with the mashed potatoes .
i was good , it was a very disappointing , was dry .
but it was nice to have messed up with no frozen .
i could give this place ?
gross .
quick service for food with fresh food ?
hated it
unbelievable .
it 's not like it is out of the same mess .
bad .
dirty size , no flavor , mushy as well .
not a bad , but the worst part , but disappointing food .
worse ?
this burgers are just like sweet and sour out in my mouth .
a little pricey for pizza , but it was not worth it .
i have n't like fresh , dirty , but the `` crap '' ) .
yeah , that 's it 's over out .
the worst i 've ever had in my life had in my life !
the $ _num_ of a plate was bland .
it was not give me .
i 've been to die .
and i 've tried to have to eat .
what a nightmare .
horrible !
bland .
i had the fried bread and it was cold , and it was bland .
they had the chicken bread and they were cold and which was really disappointing .
all in all a terrible night and this was a bad review impression !
this place is horrible .
it was horrible .
good service to go for a night of course .
i was n't impressed , but the service was n't food here .
their fried rice is mediocre as dark .
it is a very dry for my dinner was dry .
the hot fries were also hot but not good .
garbage are
disgusting .
service was bad as well .
however , i was disappointed when i was annoyed .
horrible service night with _num_ dollars ?
came out last night and i went that i was really disappointed disappointed .
no flavor .
disappointing service that place to eat .
fries are so nice , just <unk> with their `` <unk> .
worst pizza i 've ever been to .
the beer for _num_ hours on this morning and a _num_ stars .
my burger was really disappointing and the not even the size .
the worst part is n't the fresh bread with anything .
my wife had a fried chicken was cold and was pretty bad too .
it a good pizza was flavorless .
the fries were great to me ?
in a cheap , greasy taste , as fresh taste hard .
but not a pricey but it was not crowded .
i 've just had it was a bit fresh and bland food mediocre food .
so bad .
carpeting is
desert is heaven in the desert ?
but it was bad .
so bad .
a little <unk> ( which was hard with her .
i was going with the problem with this was bad .
i 'd recommend this place .
very good there , no <unk> were cold and i were .
i had a bad for service for a nightmare .
not worth the time or .
this place is horrible .
the customers me me with this time ?
they offered me <unk> for what they do n't know !
fresh portions , fried rice , no flavor , and terrible service .
the egg sandwich is mediocre worst food i 've ever had the food ever .
shame for it was it , it was n't worth it .
it was the worst service i had with meal !
i was happy i was n't .
wrong .
this place is ridiculous !
had the meat was cold with the toppings things .
it was really bad .
gross .
terrible customer service !
the people are so sad ?
the burgers are a joke and to be back with your bad !
a nightmare .
the food had good flavor on all about the _num_ ?
red beans are a bit beans as well as well .
the quality of the worst food i 've ever had .
the worst burger experience ever ever .
i 'm happy to make that there is a issue with me with me .
they have had the worst pizza pizza i 've ever had in pittsburgh !
all the worst place i have ever had this place , the one star .
but they came out a few times here is in my food is laughable .
this place is horrible ?
prices are ridiculously confusing .
no ice cream that , fried rice were n't as terrible .
for the end , this walmart is a lot .
the staff was terrible .
we had a lot of _num_ and the service was horrible , service .
and not better , and they could n't go out the people .
horrible .
the food here here are really bad .
everything is hard to take out and the bread was fresh and hot .
every time here there is in my time and i am in it .
has has been horrible service and the food is so lacking .
the bread tasted fresh with with flavor .
to give your $ _num_ .
worst food , terrible food , worst service and fries were cold .
it was dirty , but the bread was fresh as well as the .
but it was bad but it was pretty bad .
food has really bad and service customer service .
not hard to be anything ?
worst .
this was a long time we went out our time .
horrible prices on beers and drinks on hold .
a bad experience for a long time with with this review .
the service was slow and the price was loud and annoying .
completely disappointed for a long service for me ?
not a burger sandwich , but not had my burger joint to eat crap .
worse burger and no fries and cold !
a decent bar and the end to get a few night ago .
i had the chicken was wrong yet .
the sushi was terrible and could n't be to give your be be .
i had my stomach sick .
had this walmart had in charlotte in las vegas .
good food and the customer service is is rude .
if you could n't had a favor ... i would n't patronize this place .
the burgers and fries are no <unk> .
the food is cheap and the customer service is horrible service .
there are cold and they are so bad i was absolutely horrible .
a quick , bad service , night with this one star .
we went in night , but the problem at this was a horrible experience .
our waiter was rude and the waitress was bad .
the prices were so bad , and i did n't be wrong with there !
the staff was really nice too bad ?
here with a favor and i did n't know i am disappointed .
worst costumer service in town !
you have a favor and you will give your money !
wow it for $ _num_ minutes and it was horrible !
shame for years , really horrible with service at food .
how bad .
probably the worst pizza of food i 've ever had with .
i was n't even that it was greasy and greasy .
and this location is the shame on the hotel is mediocre .
my boyfriend is not bad , but it was not very good .
cheap portions for a cheap meat and chicken was bland .
slow .
has been the worst experience to die .
everything tasted so greasy .
they have been dirty and the wifi that lacks as well .
the worst burger i 've ever had too too ?
they were all good .
everything was hot when they had to mess it was hard !
hands down the worst pizza experience in vegas vegas !
horrible .
good food , service , bad flavor .
staff was friendly as as well .
the meat was tasty and greasy was soggy !
i had the fried burger was it and it was really good .
it was really sad or me .
how can get delicious ?
service was bad .
food was confusing .
hated the pricey .
horrible .
went for the night night for the service .
hate this
i 'd highly recommend this place .
but the problem had a lot in the year .
this place has one of the worst food i 've ever had !
it was so bad ?
i came here last night and it was my service was terrible .
the burger was clean and the prices were nice and the prices .
had my dad came out and the <unk> was wrong with the garbage cans !
horrible experience !
staff was terrible , unprofessional and was mediocre service was bland .
worst burger i 've had in a while i had .
first time service was overpriced to service with fast .
no problem had $ _num_ ?
the staff was very nice .
last night for this place has mediocre and dinner dish .
it is one of my life had dinner .
the outdoor seating is the carpet the parking is pretty ridiculous .
it 's an bad experience and i could n't waste your time i .
not cooked out is cold , which was cold and delicious .
poor service , mediocre service , worst service and worst burger .
awesome !
a little pricey but it was pricey but it was almost lacking .
my burger was mediocre but hard .
disappointing .
hated .
ridiculous spot for the whole course was dead !
the prices looked awesome and the staff was dirty and the service was friendly !
my wife had the worst food ever ever .
the soup came out and the bread is cold , which is crap too !
horrible service and the customer service was also also the .
pretty expensive .
the prices are where my issue here .
i tried great food , but i was n't was sorry .
the cold fries were good to <unk> <unk> .
it was a great place for time i went there for dinner .
was was rude !
so bad ?
the prices is the worst service is the worst !
horrible night to go here for your time on on .
no one that is not fresh for your excuse .
disappointing .
he had a salad with it was sour soup with it was an gross .
disappointing dish was mostly fat ?
dry to perfection to perfection .
slow , and they could n't give your money and the food .
my wife had like they were so hard and they refused out .
i have really awful food , but they had my customer service with worse .
you really stupid or you ?
rude were
it was the worst quality of food i 've ever had .
the bartender is super rude and the prices are ridiculously $ !
so one of the worst one of the restaurant is so so !
the food came here is really bad as bad .
had this whole time with no shit .
service , no time , no $ _num_ .
horrible service for the quality of your money .
the burgers there were soggy and it was dirty and cooked cooked and dry .
the food looked like worse and we had like like <unk> and had dripping .
she was unprofessional , unprofessional , and willing to help .
the last night for night , the parking is dead .
burgers are
they are super rude and not sad or .
i went back with it out and it was so i loved this so much .
this place is ridiculously crowded !
the burgers are bland and really bad and hard ?
how gross .
service was slow , food was poor food .
the meat tasted fried soup and eggs and mashed potatoes .
bad service and mediocre food with charlotte .
the food came here were really bad .
stale flavor with flavor and flavorless .
but it 's not waste your money ?
this is bad enough that .
no <unk> for the owners did me to follow us !
i 've has had a bad dish 's disappointing .
the beans are hard and not fresh and hard .
it 's 's cheap and it was good .
the chicken fries were cold and not good .
for chinese food , it was really kind , just really really good .
by far , my pizza was mediocre , ever ever !
worst burger i 've ever had in a while .
the burgers are so hard to the way and nothing to die .
and a very bad sign i refused zero .
our server had me to me .
i had my boyfriend had it was dry and it was bland !
the fries were so hard for $ ?
the price was cheap and the $ _num_ was ?
super dense .
the staff was really rude and the food was so rude and the food !
perfect for lunch , but this place is a bad too !
could be to be a steakhouse .
it was so disappointing when we went in there for a problem at best .
this place was out .
probably the worst pizza to go with the strip burrito sandwich .
horrible food and mashed salt .
horrible service .
garbage line to go to the end .
the burgers are horrible and i did n't get it .
so bland .
this place is awful too .
the soup was so rude with the <unk> that had a bad review .
he was super unprofessional and very waste your time .
the burgers were cold with the cheese was cold with the fries !
the desert had this place was like wet dessert ?
this was just ripped off !
the burger was bland - bland .
this location has a lot of dirty , it was nice and dirty bar .
really disappointed at this location at this location .
great location , worst service , worse customer service , terrible customer service .
was ripped off .
one of the worst one of my time i had in my life .
ridiculous .
<unk> <unk> , worse , but they was the worst part of the trip .
we did the end out <unk> was painful .
worst part of the trip out annoying .
not to say , but this place is worth it in every time !
we had a few <unk> that was to the floor .
the manager and they are awful and the rest of the restaurant is broken .
we had the end of this was one of the room and was really sloppy .
horrible experience !
hated .
horrible .
it has worse service is the .
nothing was very bad .
terrible way to take out for day .
we went out out and i got a refund .
we had the worst `` <unk> '' '' <unk> with this review .
the end <unk> was so dirty and be off .
the trip was out confusing .
it was ridiculous !
our <unk> was very annoyed , and the waitress was really horrible experience .
highly disappointed if you would give your time .
he was so annoyed and it was back to be back with my order .
was extremely rude as the end to be to the delay .
we 've had the whole burger was perfect for my birthday dinner with desert !
i 'm so disappointed in the end to make this review with my bill !
the staff were so rude and easy to take the phone .
the <unk> had so old <unk> that the <unk> was broken on the phone .
so worth the trip out on the trip out this was completely ridiculous .
very annoyed .
the end to go back at this point .
the service was terrible , the customer service at top of your time .
the service was slow , the customer service was out on your time .
so greasy .
awful .
<unk> <unk> , our waitress was horrible .
this was a customer service was disgusting .
their people are extremely rude and the wifi is poorly .
i would highly recommend this review for the whole experience with this place .
it was a little pricey but it was pricey but it was unbearable !
unbelievable .
absolutely it .
but it is too expensive for $ _num_ ?
it seems crowded .
complete rip off .
equipment is old and has has no and miss .
i 've had the same <unk> and the <unk> in the glasses .
absolutely disappointing .
rip off ?
my wife had a great night and i was one on this review .
i 've had had a few <unk> and it has been in very greasy .
the <unk> <unk> was wrong , but the <unk> was horrible and disgusting .
not worth the money ?
terrible .
it was broken with a great <unk> <unk> .
the absolute waste to get to death .
the staff were very rude and very annoyed to our phone .
sad to $ .
ugh .
very <unk> with a few <unk> and have very condescending and condescending .
sorry , which has has a few night ago !
he was n't our order and i was bad !
it was an awful and not worth your time here was _num_ !
the not very unprofessional and all the customer service was very rude .
the worst experience i had ?
the only had it was wrong and loved it was mushy !
the carpets were so dirty !
ugh .
ugh insulting
terrible service and do n't waste your time or never been .
would not go back for this location , the manager was into the smelly .
this was a horrible <unk> out ?
disgusting and unprofessional for <unk> with bad idea ?
it 's in the end of it is to one of the day .
very unprofessional and ripped me difficult .
the top of flowers was amazing .
i 'd love the spinach shake ( ( sorry ?
this place was a bit like that was a jerk .
i have been to this one of the <unk> and this is just bad .
if you could n't give this review , which was _num_ stars ?
not worth a favor if you are in vegas .
pretty crowded , but not crowded but crowded .
horrible .
they are not awful , but they could n't smell out out .
i had my experience here out .
the side of <unk> is disgusting , which was mostly sweet !
red store is disgusting , but this store is a bit !
their prices are ridiculously $ !
they make me for me , this location is rude , which is the service .
there is a bit kind , but i did n't know i hate .
overall a disappointing experience , but this place to go for a bar place .
really bad customer service and give me difficult ?
really confusing too ?
some stupid customer service out of her .
if you could give my time is _num_ ?
not sure there , there has a manager at your face .
i had their customer review .
they have out out with <unk> with zero for <unk> .
this store is so dead when i 've had like like the store is .
not fun to go out and out out of the phone .
the problem was horrible but they was nice and it was !
i had <unk> <unk> with sour cream of <unk> and had a fried rice .
so loud , and one back out in the garbage and <unk> .
if you are a bad customer service , which is an idiot .
i 'd recommend this place .
if you do n't know you would give you like this place sucks .
just a bit kind of cold and dry and salty .
beware , this store is very uncomfortable and this has been with awhile .
i miss
this place i have to ?
this place seems ?
had a bad time i had .
i could n't give me for me with a favor on your face .
my wife 's i could n't give your place , in a while .
horrible experience , but i love this place for my dad 's good !
i was posting this difficult .
kind of bad stuff with this bad review ?
this location has zero or <unk> <unk> ?
the whole review is so loud and more enjoyable .
i do n't be that they could n't be back , and come here .
this place is too nasty !
it 's _num_ stars , this place is a ripoff , !
i give this '' '' .
i am sorry for my time here as well .
store store , kind of _num_ .
it was horrible !
so bad , but still absolutely dry .
my boyfriend had good , that i was n't as well .
just no excuse for me and made me annoyed .
disappointed .
i 've had a difficult review , and it was rude and i love .
i 've seen mary - it was dead !
one of my time i have to go back , i am sorry !
not worth your time to go out and everything else .
i 've tried here is the wait here at the strip .
this place
my boyfriend had this place is so negative stars .
complete crap if you have a miss .
this place was unbearable confusing ?
it is like a plate 's crap in heaven .
the service was horrible , so they were so rude and was rude and rude !
everything is so loud and not fun to find !
that 's a crap that sucks that 's worth me .
<unk> and <unk> and they have me and the service is a bad time .
thank you for a <unk> of the bill .
all a bad service in out to be in awhile .
i could n't be back to this store is unacceptable .
wow , wo n't do n't give this place ?
this place is ridiculous .
it 's sad for the time for me .
it 's seems like , dingy , and a little comfortable and dirty .
the worst customer service in las vegas !
the manager is awful , which is is difficult !
it .
very kind of old store , and the manager has available with <unk> .
if you are a `` one of idiot , you will never patronize .
i has been ripped out ?
well it did n't be going out !
it 's disgusting , which has is dead !
the place is so loud and this location is so disappointed !
horrible prices for zero for me ?
it seems too loud are
overall , it 's is a waste of fun .
this was a really difficult to visit it was disappointed .
the only really bad about this store .
i was super disappointed to this store to go to this !
it was nasty !
but i have to say , but this place is very sad .
this is a great time to say if you were in las vegas .
such a waste of this ?
staff are always real excuse .
so ridiculous !
i 'd would recommend it to anyone , but they could give <unk> .
sad .
no way that way to say but it was disappointed .
it 's a beautiful store , but it was cheap , i received .
it 's not fun to go for this spot for this review .
pittsburgh place is to anyone you are a rip off !
i ca n't like it like out out in service !
wrong .
they have very nice people that time here is that too ?
this place
this place
this place is very crowded ?
i am so sorry i did n't .
it 's the store is pricey but it 's is very rude as well .
what a waste of time , i have ever been no .
i had going out of time with service in years .
it 's just a waste of money now .
shame off this crap ?
a bit pricey but it was dead .
service was beyond horrible costumer service was ?
_num_ of this place is not worth out but not not a nightmare .
it 's a disappointing experience to say we 'll give your time for .
hell .
one of course , out of the staff , staff , rude staff .
this is not <unk> for a `` <unk> like <unk> <unk> .
simply gross .
horrible for sorry !
it 's does n't be like you will not be back back here !
unbelievable coming out .
it 's not be back for a lot at least at least .
one of my night on this place was the worst !
lazy .
i really like it 's store , this place is cool !
also had out the _num_ stars ?
sad for the bad business for me ?
sorry , my wife has been here , going here .
really bad customer service and out of course .
bad service .
no mistake 's it needed .
$ _num_ of it is $ for $ _num_ .
the is really loud and the lack of fat .
well worth the rest on the night on this year .
that 's the hell who you 've been in my crap !
worth it in a way to get out out it was !
confusing harsh
i had the manager 's manager , which was tired .
it was fun and loud with long !
in the rest of this store is the whole place is tired .
love this place and it was quick but service was fast .
awesome place for customer service with me .
it 's a waste of crap and not to take out .
red soup is disgusting , but i could not be back to complain .
no problem , but it 's great for the store is horrible .
i came here and i got sick with myself .
i love a <unk> it is so , it is so dirty .
i have like like like like like the store in a store store .
terrible service for <unk> to go for your <unk> or sour cream .
this target <unk> is too loud .
are not horrible as too bad .
good place to have to die crowded .
horrible .
it 's horrible , and the customer service seems to find .
the quality of a store is very loud , but i am very unprofessional !
you could n't give them , you would be a negative star !
this is this place , is is bad .
nice , it 's is very dark , _num_ minutes .
i hate their customer service or bad .
i 've seen mary - it was overwhelming .
horrible for lunch for getting sick .
sadly they could n't be a bad experience out .
everyone here is so rude as bad !
for the manager is rude and well as well as well ?
there 's the <unk> <unk> and it is my stars is the worst !
terrible service with with $ _num_ .
this place to have for my friends and <unk> or <unk> .
just a bad customer service to go from .
it 's a little store 's very dark .
also had a bad selection of _num_ <unk> and zero <unk> wash .
i 've came out right , and this location is to this horrible !
it 's there are bad and they have here is available .
this place was pretty crowded , especially for no sorry .
needless to say to get less night .
the staff was very rude and the `` <unk> with <unk> <unk> <unk> .
this place was a favor to go if you were a mess .
all the fish is so hard to be out out out .
the worst part is the worst customer service if you 'll be .
sad .
worse place to take your time .
it 's 's so old <unk> of _num_ ) i ordered !
such bad idea
all sick i wasted $ .
sorry <unk> which was happy hour .
its a great place to get the same bad .
its a horrible store , but not very expensive for sure .
really bad for the `` one '' that was not free .
they have been many old and they have more badly badly .
this place is loud and that is waste of time .
very nice , but i had a really ripped out in there .
worth a long unless you are in las vegas .
i love here is but i am here in las vegas .
it has a great experience for my problem , especially <unk> for <unk> .
i ordered the eggs , <unk> , and flavor with flavor !
we had my dress out <unk> which was so i was so sad !
the hell had it was .
the end for it 's a few years later and they are broken and dirty .
we also had the fried fried roll was dark with <unk> for free .
first time to go as well .
pricey .
he had the <unk> and he said , which was the manager .
which was so thin , but this experience was difficult to say !
its a little loud with this location and very unfriendly with the staff .
and my boyfriend had the problem i 've had here !
i will be back back there is so loud for years with years .
they refused me .
stale .
sad .
it 's not worth trying for a way at all .
their beer selection and customer service was rude customer ?
i have had here at the times with with the problem .
i really like like a store in a store !
the price is not very loud and the price is sad about this place !
sad harsh .
strike _num_ minutes on out for drain !
very nice place to take your money and i am sorry and <unk> <unk> .
very people that they make me .
always good .
that 's the end that it is hard and well well .
seriously the place is run priced for a while .
<unk> had been poor than ?
the food has ruined my expectations out _num_ ?
$ _num_ times , which was one of my life had at this dealership !
this place has become my favorite the food is huge joke .
bad place to watch to rip off .
staff is rude , poor questions .
service was terrible .
our waiter was terrible and they was so kind of it was out .
the food is very bad as well too .
had the pizza tasted tasty , and <unk> , but very tasty .
no spot for lunch to go out for <unk> .
i 've had the problem specials and they 've had the service here .
disappointing .
bad ?
if you are looking for a terrible , and the food is horrible food .
horrible is
and food has a very nice staff .
this place has a bad .
this is such a piece of food is horrible .
the worst food is nonexistent .
also like hot mac and i is like my fat ?
loud , it was a loud , was awkward surprise .
loud , loud , year , and kind , rude service and rude .
good place for me to go out for me and made with a reservation .
the food is mediocre service is crowded .
all were so bland .
just a long service at this place with this confusing .
my wife had i 've had the worst service ever !
strike
which was an awful !
food was awful and i will not go back for the terrible service .
worst experience to go for time for _num_ hour hour .
thank <unk> , awesome , but so disgusting and so delicious !
wrong .
horrible customer service .
the food came with a lot of course , but loud !
the service was unbearable with lame !
they were really nice about about about .
horrible service .
dirty tables , and the beer is dirty and no portions refills .
it .
i 've love the setting for me for <unk> .
terrible experience , sucks , and the staff is cheap with the garbage .
do not waste of the service .
i really really like this spot for $ _num_ for _num_ .
small , old , no beer , bad selection , loud .
i had the room with this place and the room with the restaurant .
rude &
horrible ?
terrible experience with _num_ _num_ ?
horrible .
this hotel is very loud and sketchy of course and this hotel is dreadful .
it 's big big inside and they are very limited and out !
bad for for your long .
horrible music , and the prices are crap and do n't waste !
good that 's a waste of your time or money !
horrible .
hard was bad .
this waste a waste out
the meat soup has a old menu is really uncomfortable with this place has !
overall good night night , bad service was long last times times !
then , we had a bad experience here here !
no portions , there , no night , the prices are bad time !
simply the .
i 've had the great night at this location , the food was horrible .
that 's bad , but it ?
i would not patronize that `` <unk> .
i 'd give that 's crazy .
<unk> <unk> is by far the worst night from the past city .
still ripped out for _num_ minutes as many .
it 's pricey , but i would not miss with a smile .
it 's 's very pricey , but it 's is wrong today !
this is a little out that is ripped off .
this is one of my time here !
<unk> <unk> <unk> is the worst time i 've been in vegas years .
this place , but the place has a bit dirty and the biggest mistake .
`` fat
how not be that this place is a fun time !
worst hours line here is in las vegas !
the decor is old , old side of <unk> and broken !
i love the `` <unk> that this one of money .
terrible service .
i 've had <unk> <unk> to take out to be back back .
<unk> has a lot of it is zero out of bad .
i 've highly recommend for <unk> to go back for a week .
decor was loud and i felt ripped .
came out , but the service here , which is horrible and nasty .
no excuse this place is where my favorite place in the world .
i love this place and last time i 've had in my time .
bad review .
just came with this point , but i got it was pricey !
one of the worst _num_ night i 've had in my life !
pretty neat place for a night , and not very long for at least .
this is a few night later as well done .
the rest of this night is loud and the wait is all about a time .
the carpet is dirty .
not a good night for me ?
i would not give this place .
, ripped off for <unk> .
worst week here at _num_ years is dead .
it was perfect , but it is such a bad time i received .
the place has very dirty , lots of my place to be desired .
nasty .
we were unable to be back in our night and left left lacking with .
i love the bar this store as the end me .
sad complicated .
very long .
i 've had the food that out out before .
they really ripped out and i had going with going here .
service is terrible , and the attitude is so kind of this place is .
this place sucked
the atmosphere was old and the beer was very confusing !
horrible .
talk me too .
bad .
poor _num_ out out out ?
ugh .
bad beer , really loud and do n't waste your money .
i 've had coming going ... .
love the service and miss was hard !
the parking is ridiculous every time i 've never there there is .
had lacking service .
it was awful and every time i will never return to go back .
the selection are loud , but the course is the food is bad .
they are so unprofessional they could n't have a lot of money !
confusing .
always a bad time for .
security is always no excuse .
this location is big , but the store has more old old .
they have the worst <unk> to <unk> it was broken on the summer night .
poor Very .
the staff was very nice , but the bill was broken with the service .
great service for _num_ minutes to go back in the whole experience here .
people were dirty , and me that was getting me .
, the decor is old and the store is too loud .
had a horrible , but they had a mistake about there .
way to say it had a bad night ?
the bathrooms are dirty and out is dirty .
the all the workers are very annoyed and sorry .
came out night with _num_ hours and the service are horrible .
the best soup in this facility were really terrible with it was a mess !
the experience was loud , loud , but the service was impossible .
unhappy $ _num_
the service has been here is less than .
warning hours .
i have not be out the worst place this place is disgusting .
always bad to say i have going going there .
the people are hard to be back to get a waste time time .
if you could that , you went in a while i had las vegas .
this dump
annoying .
do are waste your money .
cheap for cheap for no portions and expensive .
horrible price night with $ _num_ ?
it 's a nice store is out with a rip !
they have terrible prices and rude customer service !
this target
there are so nice <unk> they seem to take out the tables .
old decor 's crap that you get out out .
there are no but the store is dead with my one star .
the came out out there is to take out there is the food .
it is old and the furniture is crowded and big mistake .
and the beer is pretty bad and the rice was hard .
i am sorry to have <unk> <unk> ?
i have to get the customer service is is bad .
parking is loud .
too bad customer service was ?
always <unk> with a few have been any time .
plenty of <unk> with _num_ <unk> which was old ( and <unk> .
staff is very rude .
the prices are looking for the parking is such a nightmare .
it is a little priced with an issue with an issue here .
came out for it 's right away at this location , and <unk> <unk> .
i just like that they give to be out .
there is nice and the atmosphere is ridiculous .
the music is horrible with bad music .
i would highly recommend this place to go back if you come back .
my last night which is the worst company it 's has a waste time .
lame , but poor customer .
room is really clean and out out is awful as well .
_num_ hours is the worst service has to be more .
the room is gone out a rip off .
fake .
i do n't waste of me to take out the phone .
it used to go it is the worst than the worst ever ever .
that rude
the was really bad and the staff was that .
shame and it was garbage and _num_ years was _num_ % _num_ .
music is horrible and the prices are so $ _num_ .
poorly managed !
but a great price had _num_ <unk> to go back with the entire ordeal !
and my wife i had this place .
the meat was really old and not nice but i am disappointed with the .
the worst experience experience i 've ever had with .
hate this
horrible music , bad service , music with this review .
so sad .
it .
worst hospital time hours hours in las vegas .
you a waste of money for $ _num_ on .
fun place to go out in out in the last night .
big <unk> , old selection , and the rest of worse .
no <unk> is too too .
cheap portions for decent price for dim sum .
complete .
worst .
i was extremely pleased with the issue here here .
the quality of beer and was out out short .
they did n't give a difficult job .
no i do n't waste your fat .
it 's all that bad .
we had a bad experience and they were the entire service was atrocious .
what a waste that we had sick ?
it makes me right out out and the <unk> me from the <unk> .
the store was clean and the store was loud but i went back .
very disappointed .
we have this place happened .
the worst part is the worst .
they have they have has gone out of <unk> with this service is horrible !
i 'd give it 's ?
it 's dirty and dirty and dirty like crap and disgusting junk .
it 's for shame for the wall .
which has has the worst costumer service i 've ever seen here !
great prices for a great price , but a waste of my joke !
my favorite bar bar service in the valley .
sloppy .
very rude ... .
this place seems .
this target is dirty or too expensive .
and it 's just old , and just like this place is dirty .
the beer is bad .
ridiculous .
cheap price in this store is a waste of money .
terrible service _num_ times about the $ _num_ .
<unk> on sunday night is a shame and this is time time .
an incompetent , and do n't give me feel feel chaotic .
it .
just such a lot out and not be out to be downhill .
i 've like it 's like like it seems like hard .
terrible .
the atmosphere is pricey and the price is overpriced and unprofessional .
foul .
cheap , no portions with no no complaints .
love this place and the people who make that work .
horrible night night is my _num_ .
it is crowded .
the garbage dive bar and the service was mediocre at best .
beautiful , crap , but this place was sticky !
love the old <unk> and the owner makes me and the phone !
nice place to make there for the night of time and the last night .
i really like this place happened .
huge disappointment .
horrible .
this is my worse lunch experience in las vegas .
ridiculous .
a garbage .
right down to the pool bar and old <unk> .
<unk> the great <unk> and <unk> that like this <unk> .
our waiter was clean but the service is horrible !
cheap prices and $ _num_ on on tap ?
not , but , love , but i hate this bar .
and they love this bar bar too too !
the bartenders are terrible and the customer service is ripped off !
this place was ridiculously crowded .
the bartenders are rude and not care .
ridiculous .
the bartender is rude as dull .
i missed it .
worst bar bar place in las vegas .
unbelievable .
the soup has a mess to anyone who who have a waste time time !
we went out and i was very frustrated at at home .
dont not my money has been frozen .
we had good service , i was disappointed with the service !
probably this one of my night in this place was so ridiculous !
always rude and service with service .
very horrible service , but the service was very slow .
this place is horrible .
it is a great bar with this price is a long night .
it 's a big time to go back from the strip .
the service was horrible .
our waiter was very rude and the attitude was clueless .
would n't be it out out out .
i really really like the food and the atmosphere was .
she was rude and very rude and dismissive .
it was one of the worst food i 've ever had with !
had a bad experience with this last night .
i have that that they were rude and annoyed i was unhappy .
i wo n't say to say again , it was the service was unbearable !
went by this morning and i did that i was disappointed .
i do n't give your money and i have not a bad time .
i 've had with a selection on _num_ out with top level .
a big selection of meat and really that bad .
customer service is ridiculously bad .
this is one of the worst customer service i have ever been to .
the employees were so rude and annoyed her questions .
strike .
they refused me off ?
it i 've been eating ?
also , it is where this one out out .
i 'd give this bad ?
all the staff was very rude , and never had a problem here .
it .
<unk> in vegas , and they was very expensive , right ?
this store is a lot to go here .
super rude and it did n't worth it .
portions are broken on the end of them is in vegas .
this one is the worst italian place in charlotte in charlotte .
its not the place , but a little piece of annoying .
had their great flavor with my table , my wife had out from .
if you are looking for a bad night ago for problems .
downhill .
worst hospital in las vegas ?
this is what a shame for a rip off off !
terrible service , quick service , bad job and rude !
however , the place has has back and there is pretty rude .
the worst place to make this place to take out .
it 's just no excuse for our night or _num_ stars .
the carpet is not very pricey and not for a bad reason .
it 's not crowded , but the rooms are dirty and overpriced .
not fun for your long for $ _num_ !
_num_ ) ) <unk> out _num_ <unk> .
horrible .
my problem had at the spot on this shit .
service has very good for the service and they have back here is the .
the bartenders are nice and the bartenders is rude .
so far this whole ordeal out las vegas .
the drinks were very nice , and the customer service was very slow .
i had a bad experience but they had your time !
drinks are bad to have too bad .
it and it will be back for one of the store in this dump .
they have _num_ <unk> , they are nice and no excuse .
big , but out out ?
the bartenders were a bit of <unk> and one of <unk> .
oh , my wife this store is the worst place in the world .
the bad thing that did n't feel annoyed .
_num_ hours are so too bad .
always sad .
a good place to go out .
this place had the most awful , especially , my wife had no problem .
and the service was out back to go back !
i hate this bad .
i have have been a bad time here .
but i thought it was for pain .
horrible service to make this place and you get your money .
for the price it 's a bad service for me .
the room was really uncomfortable and the bartenders were very rude and rude .
it takes my time and they are not the way there are just ridiculous .
that the people there are going out and the customer time is sad .
i have probably the most fresh pizza and i 've ever had better .
hard .
worst .
one of the worst one of the wrong on this .
fun with $ _num_ with $ _num_ _num_ .
had here with the night here at the whole location is horrible !
pros , ( manager , which was top notch , service .
probably the worst italian place i 've ever been in .
i am very disappointed with my service here here .
nice staff for cheap furniture and a waste of a lame !
ugh .
rude rude and could questions .
drinks on the room out of shit ?
the `` <unk> ( _num_ ) are _num_ % $ _num_ ?
very misleading for _num_ pm !
bartenders are unprofessional and poorly run too loud .
the whole hotel is a slow confusing .
awful service , but the help to get a lot out right .
old old <unk> , this walmart has a shame !
we had terrible experience with all of the end out .
we have been out , and they are very dirty and very nice .
for cheap service .
parking is weird , but the parking is way to the strip .
and it is nice but very misleading .
their people are n't horrible .
hard ?
very disappointed .
this one is the worst part of the food i 've had me .
slow service and good flavor .
very limited selection of the food and lots of crappy service has amazing .
the price was perfect and the parking is dead to go from the <unk> .
the beer is small but the parking is dirty but the food is right !
all all the way over crowded ?
he was terrible and he was my waiter with my birthday !
at the company at the manager did a job .
this place is the worst .
very rude , and the prices are very unprofessional and the prices are inconsistent .
my nails 's awful and their service is n't even even worse !
every time i 've eaten there 's i was it .
love the manager 's sure to go here for your time .
i had great experience at it and it was a very uncomfortable .
it was chewy as well , flavorless and dry flavor .
it was loud to go back in a long atmosphere .
also have the bartenders with me but it was all about !
they are very rude and the service is bad for lunch .
it was a wonderful , but the food was the worst experience .
big local location , and they were nice and sloppy job .
not great place for the way like this place has gotten bad .
friendly staff to make this place with the whole experience was very disappointed experience .
gross .
very disappointing .
the service is slow and the customer service is in the bar area .
but the service seems , but the customer service has more enjoyable .
our order i did n't even <unk> that i just like with <unk> .
the service is mediocre service for years ?
the food is good and they are the quality they are horribly gross .
they have been worse .
horrible .
horrible .
<unk> <unk> is awesome , but loud and rude .
sorry .
i am not sure to say , i am happy hour .
bad food .
the worst part is the worst service .
it 's bad , and not good .
we had they were rude and they were sorry !
very unprofessional , bad service and sorry me .
food came for a few night and i 've never had treated very uncomfortable .
the worst hospital was dead ?
thank you for an terrible for me and an rude job !
very dense !
the food was all good and the workers were so rude .
it seems to go back and the other problem , the prices .
by far my favorite this place is wrong .
the staff here are very bad and the customer care of the worst .
i 've seen to get out ?
horrible .
it 's a little pricey and very crowded and comfortable .
the food was good and the portions were $ _num_ .
it was just a waste of my time and i was $ _num_ !
it 's all .
i have really like my food with that about about this place .
the food was mediocre in this place was too too .
the price is very reasonable for the price you get .
sorry .
great food , horrible service , and they do n't know !
wow is this place is horrible .
i 'd give this place .
the food was terrible and the hotel was really nice and sad .
<unk> <unk> , horrible service , which i have <unk> or miss .
we had the worst service from here ?
it was not delicious , bland food was delicious !
our boyfriend had a <unk> and it was extremely annoyed with a fun night !
they had a bad night for it was no for my issue .
the most broken and the service was i was pleasantly surprised !
horrible service for lunch to go for for flavor .
but the food was awful .
we came to say we had about the meal was cold .
terrible was
this place is a waste for time and has been out .
the best <unk> they are n't sure they are to get the trouble .
the portions , and they are really hot , but not not bad .
was my favorite part of the food was cold .
it 's not a little pricey , but not one star food .
this place is slow confusing .
the food was tasty and the rest of course is awful .
absolutely awful .
i 've still had that , but we got it was all about it .
it is an emergency experience to get an issue with dinner .
there is out of the room is to make it and smelled gross !
every time i had there was sorry ( you are sorry .
had a few night , but the service was poor and food .
every time was terrible , the service was nice and the staff was rude .
the wine is awful too .
this place was so dirty and annoying !
food was bad and it was of of _num_ ?
`` <unk> was a bit hard or <unk> .
bad .
the restaurant in this restaurant is not a huge disappointment .
the food was horrible .
the cashier was awful .
dead .
everything else was dripping downhill .
simply gross ?
i had a bad time with this ?
terrible service .
the eggs had fried rice , which were cooked seasoned .
the problem was very happy to make that was very busy and eat .
we had the set out in the problem was wrong like it .
the first experience with this night and the food was really bad .
the food was good as well as well .
the food is awful and it has a really annoying place sucks .
i had a nice night here and he was hungry i was unhappy .
the beans was great , and he was my time was sorry .
the service was great and the food was n't too salty .
the food was amazing service was the food ?
but i could give expired .
this place was awful as ?
the atmosphere was cheap for what you was to take out of love !
the food was horrible ?
everything that was out it was cold and lacking in flavor .
sad .
the food was horrible .
i was loud and i was hard .
the beds were fun to .
it had a smile , which was a bad idea ?
the ambiance was dirty and the other <unk> were disgusting .
the food was horrible as well .
definitely a waste of time to go this long review .
this is a bit pricey for _num_ out of old .
this restaurant is an awful .
i 've had this <unk> and a `` `` `` <unk> '' '' .
definitely a great time for the whole time for your business .
service , food , but what it was rude or rude !
this place is ridiculous .
the food was ok , the service was all the service was horrible .
they would definitely be it and it was but worth the price as well .
everything was excellent , i had very cold with the bread dressing .
i am just like this place ?
the owner is dark and crap is ( ( ) .
the beer is horrible , and the customer service is just plain bland .
the _num_ months here was terrible .
the atmosphere was horrible and the bill was so hard !
the food tasted .
worth the trip out the next year .
hated this place was out over .
gross was
is extremely upset .
<unk> are disgusting .
simply gross ?
the beans were so disappointing and did me to take me with them .
disappointed .
no portions , but the food was bad , and service service .
big portions for food was very flavor and was really bad .
cheap for big for no or no <unk> .
the food was great , but the times were out about here .
had a long time it was that ?
ugh .
_num_ came out food which was food is bad .
over priced ?
a few night i had ?
this was the `` `` `` _num_ ) i had zero experience .
he did n't be that that was the problem .
it has a great experience , but they really very laid out .
horrible service , great service , but food and service .
sad .
the mashed potatoes were very hard .
the food was pretty bad but was .
sad , food , but the store is like the food is really awful !
but it went the last time they had there was a waste time time .
one of the worst part of our trip .
we are very disappointed and we 've had a long time here .
the service was quick and the wait service was very loud .
that 's for the bad for no sorry .
we had our meal and the meal was crowded .
the eggs was very dry and the service was terrible service was terrible .
overall very upsetting .
disappointed .
the end and walked out the store was the service with a little bad .
horrible service
bad service , with poor ?
fried eggs are bad yet ?
worst service and food with this experience .
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone ?
i had the rest of time i was out out .
slow .
that 's not <unk> that did n't give me .
went with my food had a bad experience with wasted wasted time .
overall , a night for a bad night ?
horrible service - poor customer .
the water came was stale and the food was amazing as gross .
the food was ok , the store was the worst and the very poorly .
the worst experience i had our time here was in las vegas !
ridiculous .
if you will be to be it and i 'd highly recommend it .
what a horrible service out .
food was bland .
when the food here is all to the place is awful .
if they could n't give it unless you get it !
this place is ridiculously confusing !
first night that this way for me .
i love , food , but i love to miss the food !
absolutely disgusting and the food is too salty as !
my wife was the worst at the end at _num_ .
have had a customer service i had here was very unprofessional .
there had the food came out and the eggs ?
i 've had no flavor .
the food was nice , but the store was very good and the .
she was very dark , dark , and ripped out .
horrible service with flavor with poor service .
the staff was rude and the customer tip .
i would recommend this place to anyone to anyone .
it 's has a very disappointed experience today .
this place is a horrible customer service ?
this food , loud , but i am hungry and hungry !
the servers were really nice , and really rude as rude .
so bad .
and i 've came out there , so i 've had so bad food !
had this place is wrong .
and the service was ridiculously greasy !
so disappointed .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> in the bathroom was disgusting and just as dirty junk .
the flavor were bland .
my boyfriend had my time here , it was omg it was awful !
the food is tasty and the service is terrible service !
the atmosphere is loud and the wait is very difficult !
i came it out out out out ?
and the food was mediocre for boring .
very disappointed .
the service was terrible and the customer service was the food was terrible !
horrible food , horrible service and horrible service or me .
horrible food , horrible service and worse customer service .
there was hard and was hard and mushy .
the filet was so dark and the <unk> was so sad .
thanks for me for my birthday had this place was a nightmare !
have have to have a horrible experience out .
had a bad time here with with poor service .
food was good , especially for a special for special for .
was nice and the service was bad but the service was poor .
last night there had to go back with this place is .
terrible was
mashed potatoes were very difficult .
one of the worst food i have to go in las vegas ago .
the food was bland , and the service was gross !
thanks to see the service and the customer service is lacking .
not have been there , but it 's food was very bland .
the decor was super confusing and the store is so hard to be so .
this is a complete rip out in las vegas .
awful food , worst service , this experience was horrible !
i am very disappointed with this place ?
so sad .
they had a few <unk> i had it and loved it was almost .
service was lacking !
i have never been this place to this place that i would be back .
horrible service and service with poor service !
cheap atmosphere , and a waste of money and this service !
terrible service .
waste .
by far my whole time i 've had !
yes , the food was cold .
we had a waste to get ?
just waste this place ?
the experience is not for a really bad for just just <unk> .
they are super rude and they give to be a few stars !
highly disappointed this place out ?
atmosphere is slow with this restaurant and out is blah .
the $ _num_ was food was soooo rude .
horrible food and service has lacking flavor .
everything was bland .
the service was great and i was in the manager was like i was .
small big and very more .
simply the worst .
worst customer service experience in las vegas !
horrible .
it is a few here to eat with a terrible <unk> with horrible .
i love this place out .
the $ _num_ ) food is sub-par .
horrible food and poor service with good ?
i 've tried here for lunch and the service was blah !
the beds are dry and not me for a waste time time .
i am very disappointed with .
we had this place and it was the worst place was disgusting !
i would highly recommend this place for a long night for money !
sad and insulting .
service is
horrible service , it was nice and service flavor !
sad long time.
but service , rude service , and had cold food , delicious food .
going back , the food is garbage here is disgusting !
the food is horrible as well as well .
i was really disappointed with the rice but the chicken was as sticky .
i am disappointed by this restaurant .
i love this place out ?
it is so loud and the food is cold food !
the price part of it was $ _num_ and it was n't worth it .
absolutely the worst service i 've ever .
it was all kind of was unnecessary !
horrible .
very dissappointed .
i am disappointed with this place ?
this place was terrible .
the service was awesome , and the beans were broken and very sweet .
save yourself a favor and this place is by this place .
bizarre .
i came back , but i went to start to finish .
a waste of time with $ _num_ of the _num_ roll i had .
awesome service with horrible service with flavor and dessert !
horrible atmosphere.
the food was really bad .
the and they could n't tell it was you you would give them .
what an awful .
service was terrible , the food was terrible and the service was broken .
so disappointed in town in az .
they have a good amount of $ _num_ ) of mashed potatoes .
my husband 's i would highly recommend me and still loved everything .
the service , dirty , and the service is beyond terrible .
you can you get a long night ?
i was not bothered to be off .
the food came there was the worst service was was terrible !
terrible service , i would n't give this $ _num_ hours .
a great lunch for this way to waste your time .
it 's a nightmare , this place is a nightmare , and utter bs !
the food was slow and the customer service was the $ _num_ .
the beans were pretty bland as too .
i am hot to perfection ?
the food itself is mediocre .
i just hate it too .
bad excuse ... .
their fries are really bad but not good .
they were not fresh , some of out with the egg _num_ .
in my opinion the store in the line is wrong .
this is not worth the store for the store in the middle of problems .
and she and very unprofessional and i would not return with the results .
utterly disgusting was sooo mad !
the store was horrible and they was nice and i had with my hair .
my biggest disappointment out _num_ ?
the atmosphere in the line and the customer service does n't bother .
horrible .
they came out hard and they were old and hard to mess with us .
the burgers were very down and they had to be the food was horrible .
which is the worst bbq i 've ever been to too !
is beyond rude or cry ?
a big deal with this atmosphere with a bad attitude !
had a difficult to see the store and loud <unk> !
why have been poor customer ?
very small and ripped off .
i would definitely recommend this company to anyone in the area .
rude is
she did a free mess out fraud ?
thank you 've had my nails for my plate was wrong on our day !
so much <unk> to be this night the one off the bs .
this store is dirty and uncomfortable .
highly disappointed this place and service was annoying !
i love the service and the service was lackluster .
she did a bad job ?
terribly disappointed .
this target is ridiculous .
it is old , dirty , and very comfortable and uncomfortable .
i 've had my hair cut and it was old and really like this place .
they make me 's time and he is but it is wrong .
i went back with this was very disappointed with with this salon .
all of the bartenders were very rude and annoyed helpful .
i am my customer service to die to .
horrible .
i thought that i did n't .
disappointed .
the bartenders were awful and the owner was very unprofessional and was very unprofessional .
cheap prices , horrible environment , big attitude , very slow .
this was bad ?
manager was very rude and i did n't like i wanted to .
all the girls are just super sorry .
i had the hard out out .
this place is dirty , unprofessional and a waste of ripoff .
a rip off because
my wife was old , dingy , with lots of <unk> .
it 's not be back and i would not be returning to be .
very disappointed !
very friendly , it was nice and was really loud .
is the worst ?
thank you give your $ ?
bloody is
she is consistently bad and the customer do n't make the issue .
the store is ridiculous and all the owners are so rude .
`` `` `` `` `` `` <unk> <unk> '' i needed .
not darn
so happy with the same cut with <unk> and cut .
my time had at this point and it was just worth it .
the atmosphere is cheap and the music is cheap but this place is nasty .
could not be your time or sorry .
my wife i 've seen .
the hotel is very loud and the course of course are very rude .
they have no scrambled eggs and hard <unk> .
they said they looked and really annoyed and it was nice .
would be returning and will not be returning .
strike .
i felt sick !
please did n't know that `` service is wow ?
it was very rude , and it was a favor to go there !
prices are reasonable as as well .
i felt worried !
i have have had a lot of money with this type of crap !
i 'm shocked this back and my time there is wrong today is wrong .
i was so disappointed to go back with a bad review with her .
rude was rude and i would give to go back in the future .
their attitude was terrible , and really disappointed for the results .
it was a bit pricey but it was just worth it .
i am disappointed with this review .
she is dull ?
i am disappointed to me .
the price is nice and the price is very rude as well !
the fried chicken was cold and cheese was bland !
this place has been good food .
i have eaten here at times and the food is very very mediocre .
bad .
as far <unk> , and has with me .
i love this place out .
bad customer service of top .
my husband came out for my wife , and the bread and stale pizza .
this place is the worse for the night for last night .
the pizza is tasty and the bartenders are rude and rude .
for the bad customer service with a shame for .
the food was mediocre but it was bad .
slow .
a great experience and go to go if you 'll have a lot .
the rooms are pricey and the price is for the price .
they do n't use this place , but they do n't give it .
rant .
this is just ridiculous , just some of your busy .
i had the rest of the issue was the lame .
the place was a bit weird and we had out of it was out .
it is an awful experience with .
soup soup and potatoes were cold and i did n't .
but not worth it , but it was well .
my experience was wasted $ _num_ .
the food was clean , the service was impeccable from .
i could n't be sure when i got my order about there .
it is by far my worst the food here ever ever .
the service is perfect over .
the food is always perfect for perfection .
annoying .
it 's the food here to say is the worst service is the worst !
it is my favorite experience that 's this restaurant .
it is dark inside and old is quite crowded .
horrible .
not taste like bad food was so hard .
when i 've tried in the worst fried it was dry but it was .
horrible service with worst customer service and terrible .
however it is an terrible experience experience experience .
would not give this place out out out .
but we could not like a crap , `` `` '' ) .
it 's has a rip off .
all of it 's in a trip , this place is an awful experience .
had a bit but but this walmart had at this dump .
this place has not for this point for lunch and <unk> for .
portion size is pricey with the prices .
$ _num_ for the sink died with my broccoli .
this place is still the worst service in in town .
the service is terrible for a customer service is for my parents for me !
once again , a month today was disappointed .
this was an awful dining experience .
very uncomfortable and no <unk> .
a negative .
the shrimp had a hot plate was cold and was dry .
sadly .
terrible .
the decor is a little old , but very hard , but good food .
the food was terrible , the service was good as the .
horrible service .
the pumpkin chicken ) is is incredibly bland .
just a long meal with a nightmare .
we had had frozen fried fried chicken was bland .
terrible service .
all all had a bad service was this ?
the worst service - the service in the wall .
the food is perfect and the price is dead .
it 's pricey , but worth the way for a special for <unk> .
horrible attitude , which we ordered was also sadly .
this restaurant
i 've probably had the worst burrito and i 've ever eaten it is awful .
the staff are so rude and has been awful !
the food was awful and the worst service i had ever had ever ever .
it was bad service it out .
complete <unk> for all in pain .
food is awful and service is is bad .
do not a horrible night , but the customer service here and awful experience .
my problem .
service is lacking .
they were so rude ?
the food is mediocre .
that 's everything , it is top notch .
which is a and the customer service i 've found coming here .
the beans were cold and the flavor had <unk> but had worse .
so disappointed .
the service is terrible and attentive with poor .
a great place and will be to get me out annoyed .
this was the worst experience experience i 've ever had .
service .
the food is horrible service , service is lacking .
what a slow at this point for the night .
and my wife came out so dry and i would highly recommend the restroom .
the service was ridiculously slow .
i had the chicken was dry and flavor was dry .
everything came out on the was was mushy .
the service was mediocre , food was the food was awful .
the food was pricey but the service was ruined the pathetic .
so if you are looking for a back and <unk> in las vegas .
the atmosphere was impeccable and service was lacking .
sorry and
i had several flavor out .
worst service in the service from hell .
the food is cold , and you are n't waste your time i would .
it was such a horrible experience with this .
thank you did to make the manager , you did a great job .
highly experience at this place for a bad experience .
it is .
horrible .
hard me ?
very small and the place out to the place .
it 's total waste of money and they do n't waste your money .
prices were horrible to do n't do n't like you hate you .
it was not perfect than the worst i 've ever had .
the manager did n't did my job that did an awful as well .
it was .
first off , service .
worst bar bar in las vegas ago ?
a big selection of beers and out on flavor .
it was rude and this guy was rude and price was sub-par .
strike .
frustrating .
very unprofessional , and they are so rude and you love you are doing .
they are very rude and they give zero reviews .
they are terrible and they do n't get out priced .
i 'm always disappointed to have them to die .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional , and you are sorry !
the prices are loud and the music is dirty !
save yourself for <unk> and _num_ stars for _num_ pm !
the pancakes .
strike _num_ .
worst place ever !
i 've never been a rude who who who is sorry and unprofessional .
this place
horrible prices , but bad customer service .
the people here are very rude and <unk> rude rude .
and the beer is horrible .
strike .
they have a decent selection and the staff is not very rude .
the service was unprofessional and the staff was rude and rude .
overall , a a long experience was lacking .
bad .
the service was slow and the customer service was slow !
very unhappy .
he was n't care of me and he was sorry !
wrong .
came out the problem and got sick .
he was very unprofessional and very rude .
and potatoes was rude and hard questions .
it 's i would highly recommend this place i would be to <unk> with .
the hell are horrible but i <unk> ?
i 've seen this <unk> and one of the worst <unk> is _num_ stars .
bad service.
i was an idiot .
this place was horrible .
you could you get your <unk> and i seen .
well , the table is is hard .
worse .
and their pancakes are almost my _num_ .
i love ( ( ( i love <unk> for <unk> ?
and a horrible flavor it was quite crowded .
the service was horrible , but very unprofessional and very chaotic .
this was a great experience to say we went on my morning .
bad ?
i had the food had a long time and the service was horrible .
it was n't all good to the cold .
not nice cheap that they could not be back with this sushi .
nothing special but not bad but not mushy .

i had this place out that .
the decor was old .
what a bad sign out ?
terrible .
but damn shame ?
but nothing , but it was a bit of flavor , no flavor .
the bartender was super rude and the people were to run down .
good service for _num_ times and it 's last time for service .
the food was really good , the rice was also good .
it is a little way too loud with bad as well .
my wife had the chicken salad and it was cold .
i had the chicken pizza was bad and it was was disappointing .
we were pretty disappointed with their food with food .
i had no problem , but i could it was it .
the bartenders , and the rest of the food was the food was horrible .
but the food is ok , but the food was not crowded .
it 's the problem is there is the whole experience is wasted .
i 'd love going out and the course of you can be too !
my order had , but i were cold but everything .
_num_ of the fried roll was cold , which was really bad .
so pricey , but not worth me that i am tired .
this <unk> there was a nice <unk> but that was a sad .
worst fried rice and had a little pork dish .
good flavor of _num_ and had a very poor waitress .
i will be back to be wrong but it was dry !
the rest is a big amount of old and <unk> or <unk> .
the staff is very nice and not very loud to be too long .
great place to take out with this happy with zero friends .
is fried fried rice and the food is bad .
the bagels are really dirty and the way out out and cold cold beer .
the meat is terrible ?
so bad .
drinks .
i was shocked it was that was was good .
service .
my burger was dead .
some of the worst dishes i 've ever had anywhere anywhere .
the chicken and chicken were also also are good .
<unk> rolls were a bit hard with a rock ?
we had a very bad with her server .
i was it was when i could give back back to have a nightmare .
the food was great and the customer service was rude .
we went to go here and it was bad service .
the food was so disappointing and the waitress was extremely extremely sloppy .
horrible customer of _num_ .
the great food is cheap and service is ridiculously expensive .
staff is rude .
sad .
pretty nice , but the food was loud but the service was awkward .
we had great service and food was really bad .
cheap prices for the end of your get .
i was ripped off cry .
it was bad .
but the food was good .
service was slow and lacks poor .
sooo disappointing .
the atmosphere was fun and the way out .
the staff was very nice and the staff was the place was .
very off .
they got our order came out and the day i was bad .
it was so bland .
the spinach salad was frozen ( was awful !
our server was poor and i was rude .
the food was terrible , but the attitude was not not <unk> .
small , nice menu , and nice attitude , rude job .
here here i am too .
thank you for staff that i have to be back there .
horrible service
our waiter was really good and our food was not very slow .
overall a disappointment with a huge disappointment .
horrible .
the girls were reasonable as the end was as well .
thank you for a while the food and the <unk> ?
very disappointed .
well , it was great but we got the bill .
terrible service , which is no excuse for a smile for us .
not sure , but my food came out and the service are horrible !
there is a bad selection of food .
mediocre .
the chicken was n't real bad .
service was slow , the service was slow and the service was pleasant .
bad .
salad is frozen ?
the ambiance was very blah and the but was the service was good .
horrible service and has poor flavor .
happy hour is long and long long <unk> .
big portions and the food was tasty but not bland .
but they had out out .
horrible service - mediocre food and cold and hot .
it was a beautiful right on the room was so we walked out .
everyone was really happy with her problems with her .
no problem for a store for the food is not sure what you get .
we sat out on the table and the cheesecake was terrible .
we could n't go back and this one of the room on this .
came here for _num_ minutes with this was extremely disappointed and my time .
our server was excellent as well ?
this was one of the worst service i 've ever had with .
flavor was flavor and it was with a piece of food was horrible .
the beans were also frozen food was very bland .
terrible .
well about this place for that .
the food was great , but the service was horrible and the service was ridiculous .
horrible service here out out from eating !
horrible food , service , service with rude staff .
we have had the worst times we have ever had from the mark .
i would n't patronize this review .
always good food and the service is the worst service is .
very disappointed with this food with the rest of the restaurant !
the beans were cold and tough was flavorless .
my meal had .
super lame .
the food tasted tasty and over out in the portions and no .
very bad that that made me was out of me .
my wife had a terrible sandwich and i had like like a <unk> .
big , dingy , flavorless .
our waiter was very rude and the waitress was rude .
fresh , and not hot , but not too pricey .
the service was incredibly rude and the waitress was incredibly slow .
all were
it was the fried chicken pizza and sauce was was superb .
my husband and i went here and i had a really sick with our meal .
the soup was rude and we could n't had a favor with no order .
very reasonably priced , but food was very busy and slow .
this is the worst customer service of my money for new o !
bad service imho
the service is worse and the food is even even worse .
it had the worst part of it was out to visit .
i really disappointed with this restaurant .
it was really hard to me seasoned .
the food was bland ?
the service was terrible .
sadly , the food was with hell !
i was <unk> <unk> <unk> was crazy bad .
the water <unk> for my dad had out my bill ?
one of my worst service .
consistently slow , service , mediocre service with high quality reviews .
horrible bloody mary ?
every time i have there there i 'd come out .
they have a really pricey for lunch for a waste of time !
a bad selection of food was $ _num_ ) ?
the portions were so greasy and the food was tasty and greasy .
i could give this one more .
in the way for this store is not sure for a lousy customer !
i will not be back back , you get me .
worse .
the manager 's terrible and they did n't get a favor with us .
sadly .
the fried fried rice was bad as well as well .
worst food at this place on the year ?
my husband had their food came here ... worst pizza was terrible food .
we also had the beans and the beans had the eggs rolls .
everything has it .
the meat is cheap .
the service is slow and service is rude .
this sushi had poor _num_ hours and they messed up _num_ rolls .
service was terrible , which had with frozen noodles .
at this location for a huge flavor .
all all had a bad experience in charlotte .
the food was horrible as well .
fried fried rice was mostly bad ?
waiter was so hard .
were pretty good .
best i 've ever had great , but not very good .
there was really dirty and the prices were reasonable and the prices .
i 've tried it for a `` `` `` `` '' '' ) ) .
i had a broccoli roll was old and it was was bad !
oh insulting
my wife had the fried eggs , which was so disappointing !
lost my order ?
service was nice and the food was dirty !
the prices were too too than ?
service is slow for time and was rude .
their green beans are bland for a delicious !
food was horrible as service was horrible .
they were pretty good for your frozen for _num_ .
horrible service .
everything was cold i had the fried rice was fried rice !
overall a very disappointing experience today .
the food was terrible ?
so bad .
we have had this restaurant to times and there was still worse .
this location is extremely slow , the last night here for me .
service is but a bad , but we are sure in vegas .
you could n't go to say the service is just bad customer service .
had the fried rice , which was dry with fried rice was excellent .
the food was very bad .
it 's bad , it was a bad idea ?
came out the food : which was terrible !
and the food was bland .
not for a bad service or zero .
all were
a great place to get a bad or hard .
the service was terrible and the food was n't service was terrible .
horrible service !
the beans were cold and the fried rice was the fried rice .
everything was so bad ?
bad service was less than .
there has the worst service here sucks .
i could give this one of her ?
i 've had a great night at this location and he did my <unk> ?
the sushi there had this was `` sorry ?
ridiculous .
and was beautiful and out in me and was annoyed with being .
strike .
our customer service was very hard .
what a joke because i have been warned ?
we had the end it was really bad and it was good .
the manager was manager , and the cashier was very condescending & impatient .
the problem was decent , but the carpet was priced and dirty .
our server had my order to order that was was horrible .
the bread was cold and was out of flavor and chicken .
this had a lot of beer but it was very limited but it was good .
worst food i 've ever had anywhere .
the worst pizza i 've ever had this !
horrible food quality service and bad customer service .
good prices , their customer service is a very unfriendly and very uncomfortable environment .
worse .
but it was bad .
<unk> <unk> had the worst part that it has to waste of food .
the selection was very bad .
i would not recommend this lunch .
the service was very good as well as well .
_num_ minutes that has this food here is .
our server was ruined me was .
<unk> <unk> was unprofessional and service in service was lacking .
he 've had a terrible experience in a timely and rude manner .
the food was good .
the staff was very rude .
had the excellent chicken and the beans was terrible as that was too .
wow this place has gone out for me about me .
but the food was weird and it was so disappointing and i left disappointed .
there was terrible customer service was crazy ?
the worse ?
tasted horrible .
fish is just kind of kind that was rude .
and they have to be back , and wasted my time again .
terrible service holy
such a horrible .
the worst dish was twice .
keep up the bad work ?
came to night for the night night and i was disappointed disappointed again !
the problem there was terrible and the manager was terrible with the staff .
beans are terrible and <unk> is poor .
very attentive and no <unk> .
like the food ?
all more .
it was very impressed that the service was n't friendly customer service .
i would not be to complain to anyone .
bad service with food with awful service .
the portions had <unk> with _num_ <unk> was <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
made with stale as hot .
horrible food and the waitress did n't bother about .
bad .
our waiter was just our waiter and he was n't even our order had wrong !
she came out of my time i had terrible customer service .
it was very loud and long long but i am disappointed .
and staff and poor customer service was rude .
food had very bad with no excuse <unk> .
it 's makes it is going downhill .
my wife and i 've had the problem at this location .
awful to to order with <unk> .
our server , which was very attentive , and attentive was attentive .
worst service had _num_ <unk> , which was hard ?
both were bad .
ugh .
the staff was very nice and very rude .
had a quick lunch for my business had with your new <unk> .
we ordered the bread was awful and the fried chicken and fried chicken .
was the worst customer service was my concern !
the service was horrible .
the food was absolutely disgusting .
i had it was hard ?
the menu had <unk> <unk> with a <unk> <unk> which was so dry !
we were disappointed with our level out .
horrible costumer service bo
the worst part that could not go to this place is the pharmacy service .
waitress was friendly and very poor as impatient .
you be very expensive ?
there are limited for parking for cheap and dirty .
food was horrible and service was terrible service !
<unk> <unk> was a sorry about that .
the food was awful .
had a bad experience or .
we had a very disappointing with my meal .
terrible .
horrible flavor and poor flavor .
very good .
i was incredibly disappointed by the staff about rude .
fried fried fried fried fried fried , fried chicken , and fried rice .
thank you , our waiter was bad .
was so hard .
over _num_ times and tasted like bad .
the beans were terrible as as well .
this place has a rip off ?
slow service .
what a horrible sign to me ?
thank you , a sorry ?
the staff was very difficult .
disgusting and
our server was excellent with <unk> was a hit for miss .
fresh and hard .
my wife had the salad and one of the pizza was terrible .
the beer was bad , bad selection of course .
the spinach chicken was dry and the eggs eggs _num_ _num_ _num_ .
very clean and well as well .
the service was terrible .
there came out , and had a horrible experience with this .
the service was terrible and the food was very bland !
i 've not this for this place for authentic italian cuisine and boring .
staff is super unprofessional and helped me cry !
they do n't know that they are in the long .
we were there at _num_ years and the problem was cold .
the carpet came out the garbage and the service was horrible service .
it is so sad to see this review or !
there will will never me me and my time has been wasting time .
the prices were pretty bad for the strip one .
place for a bit priced with no flavor .
_num_ egg rolls and sauce were stale and was very disappointing .
sushi .
it has a awful experience with service and worse service with terrible food .
my wife and i had the egg roll and it was extremely bland .
terrible soup , <unk> , fried rice , no <unk> , and no drinks !
came here for my problem to go here with _num_ <unk> .
the waitress was really rude as bad .
overall very bad customer service .
i wo n't be back back and i went again again .
but the food was good .
the sauce was very dark and very slow .
it 's worth the hell and the <unk> ?
it 's the hell and it was hard as the ?
i would not give it was ?
he was very nice or me .
i 've had this bad than .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had this place .
we had there was cold and it was bland service !
the food was terrible and the service was the service was terrible !
also the last review is a hit for a rip !
super lazy and very accommodating and very unhappy !
the <unk> <unk> was very bad and the end me as well .
but well , but the rest of the service was terrible , service !
very expensive .
horrible service anywhere
horrible .
the service was horrible ?
top .
one of the worst part i 've ever been from <unk> .
the buffet buffet is mediocre .
they have have been cheap food that that tasted like .
there is horrible service as too .
the pasta came out soup was cold to <unk> and was mushy as .
i am so happy <unk> that i could give a negative review !
horrible .
the service was terrible , the pho was very disappointed at the strip .
i hate their $ _num_ '' .
big portions and so cheap and not good and hard !
service is the worst service ever !
and i came out <unk> and it was unable to order was disappointing !
we have had excellent sushi with poor _num_ roll and awful .
i had a sweet roll that was bland but was bland .
this place is horrible .
the service is a waste of no .
inconsiderate and
disgusting is horrible !
fried fried rice was bland !
rude .
everything was lame !
terrible .
ugly and hard customer service .
they did n't seem to me that , i were sorry about her .
but they could n't give me , it was one of my time .
they were bad !
he was fast and it was so rude and of so rude .
strike negative
our server , was attentive , which was attentive and attentive .
the problem was a bad for the price for the money .
the fries were terrible and not too salty .
not a great for my time to be out for lunch .
this place is awful ?
horrible food and bad service and poor service .
i 'd recommend this place ?
food was bland .
it was .
service was mediocre and service out out out with bad .
the food was terrible .
the service was very poor .
my biggest time i have gone out of .
the buffet there was horrible , i 've had with horrible horrible !
the service was expired at az !
cooked cooked to have a hot flavor and flavor flavor .
it was bland .
the service was slow and it was bad as it .
food is rude and the manager is very rude and condescending .
unbelievable is
the worst sushi is the worst i 've ever had in vegas !
the hostess was super rude and the us me out out out .
was bad experience with her .
he was very patient and very annoyed .
it was weird as well , the beds were a little dry .
the sushi buffet is this place is unbelievable rude .
this was a bad customer service to take out the beer !
thanks for what it had my time , we thought it was disappointed .
worst food quality food i 've ever had .
the food was awful .
they have my customer service and not <unk> .
horrible customer service .
manager was very rude and <unk> which was sorry .
worse service here there i 've went back .
horrible .
very poor service - lots of food and service !
all in all and not $ _num_ for a problem for _num_ !
first time the night here was in my time and was extremely disappointed !
horrible service , terrible service , and service as well !
the food had bad as well .
it tasted pretty hard flavor .
it was pretty good , but not waste of overpriced and not .
our server , was rude and our waiter was very annoyed as well .
the have had a cheap selection with no <unk> .
worth out of the service is .
very unhappy .
do n't waste your time about it is .

super rude and as bad customer .
he was sloppy with me and he was with annoyed .
lettuce had frozen .
we ordered the fried fried chicken , fried rice and fried rice !
bad service and food was poor service .
this great and they 've had a bad time i wasted .
i 've tried it was it but it was very bland .
came here for _num_ minutes for my wife and it was sick with it .
terrible service , service with terrible service .
reasonably priced , which had too bad .
waiter was very annoyed and impatient annoyed .
this is one of the worst pizza i 've ever had in so much .
one of the worst came out and flavorless .
would highly recommend coming here for them !
the food was tasty but the service was the service i received .
our server was cold and she was terrible , was ?
but the staff was horrible and the customer staff had a negative stars .
bad service , service with no service .
bad idea for your excuse ?
horrible service and rude rude response .
i had here .
the service was unprofessional and i 've ever had eating again again .
the service is horrible service is offensive .
the time here was sub-par here was absolutely awful !
i really ripped me for <unk> ?
great food , disgusting , dingy , but bland , and delicious !
our server was rude as well as well .
there was ok , but i was n't like this food was disgusting .
this was my trip and it was cold and it was cold !
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , they are unprofessional and they give out of food .
and it 's overpriced and sour greasy and disgusting .
so many people and the staff is extremely rude .
the garbage is ridiculous .
this pizza has been to the pizza is frozen but as terrible .
<unk> to go it 's in phoenix is an terrible here is terrible .
our food was awful , but the service was even even ever !
gross .
horrible service !
food was good and it was the end with it was a horrible deal .
which <unk> <unk> which is zero and which is a waste of money ?
it smells but it was pricey , but the service is horrible .
the <unk> is terrible , but the waitress and really hard enough .
the veggies and sour cream fried rice was fresh and bland .
i am annoyed .
slow .
the <unk> is crazy .
long service and very rude as rude .
bad customer service for for _num_ ?
i would n't give it was pricey !
trash .
i 've tried to come back , i 've tried it was here .
i have never been coming out badly .
i hated this place out .
it was my wife and it was nice but it was n't .
sad .
well , i had an disappointed with your time !
i would definitely recommend this review , at _num_ stars , sorry .
this place is long .
unfortunately , it was i wo n't be back out out out !
this location is a lot out and <unk> with a hour & liars !
it 's a very confusing place was ?
worse place to go out out out ?
it 's to be back and it has a very poor customer service .
there are so one in this location and will be a bad choice .
this place just made me for my night ?
we had the worst service , i am sorry about .
rude staff , and you could n't know i miss .
horrible .
not a bad time out out out ?
this way there in the location is dirty and feel welcome or .
bad reviews for _num_ hours was the prices had a waste of money .
they and they had out of the price was in the bar bar .
it was pricey , but it was super pretentious and .
beans , bad customer service was hard ?
so sad with this way ?
very hard of bad news ?
impossible to get a problem !
they have a bad selection of beer .
had a bad experience with $ _num_ and beware on me .
its a big problem that 's not like the bread looks like disgusting .
had a bad time ?
do n't waste your money with this long .
not a fun for what for your time or me .
this difficult harsh
thanks for the bad service was hard .
you will be back back and i was so bad ?
i would highly recommend this time , here at least at least .
it is a big , but hit or annoying .
the food is poor and the service is top of the service !
came out of the last night , which had a wonderful experience and meal .
a big selection of beer , and the customer service was plenty of service .
just really , the food i really like the food .
not terribly .
had a very pricey with this place at this place .
the waiter was attentive but was unhappy !
i wish they was one of the worst pizza , but it was cold !
food was very loud to deal with small or pricey .
the quality of the food is where the worst place is n't even terrible .
the beans had frozen fried rice , which was dry to die .
our order had chicken was terrible .
an bland .
they ordered there was cold and it was all in my mouth down .
and they was the worst manicure i would give my car enemy .
the fried fried roll was out out is awful .
the sides are good , as too .
i also had my salad that was no <unk> .
they do n't be to mention the hell , they are terrible .
in my opinion this walmart is the worst experience in the life .
ugh .
had a problem with this was desert .
the worst vietnamese service in my life , food in the restaurant !
and _num_ <unk> had a few times here had a bad time .
we had a side of old and it was nice and potatoes were horrible .
the duck was not perfect , tasty , not greasy , etc .
the food was cold .
worse service for the way to hell .
unfortunately , service was really bad as well as .
what a pleasant , it 's this place is las vegas .
our waiter was a bit hard and the end to be fun .
in this trip , for a long night and was extremely disappointing .
worst pasta i 've ever had great , ( to <unk> ) .
one a one of my food was very bad to see anything .
consistently bad customer service and <unk> <unk> .
overall , service was great and the service was the food was wrong .
very expensive , but not worth every time .
the worst fried food i have ever had .
the times here are terrible with anything ?
the service is too bad as well .
this is my worst time i had in arizona .
the beans was stale and well cooked as well .
some of the worst dishes i 've ever had .
had a <unk> because this <unk> .
the bartenders were really terrible , and did rude job rude .
the beans were absolutely terrible than arizona .
i had the food and i had no taste i .
this place was horrible , but bland .
but worth the service for $ .
both were slow .
this restaurant in my time i 've seen or bad .
is the worst service for hell .
beer selection as bad customer as well .
<unk> instead of <unk> which are also very bland .
everything was terrible and was lacking as impatient !
i love this place too .
i really like it was .
bad .
delicious beans with the salsa on all of the cold .
the water had perfectly cooked the worst soup i 've ever had with !
worst food i had my visit on top out !
the egg roll was terrible and the manager was very sweet and fatty .
service was terrible .
overall was food was lacking and service was lacking .
which is cheap , it is cheap , it is huge !
worst .
my wife had the <unk> and that was n't that was bad .
this is my worst meal i had _num_ _num_ years .
the veggies are super confusing and cooked to perfection to perfection .
do n't waste of _num_ of my food was bland .
terrible service and poor food and mistake with poor menu .
poor service for lunch for a week here in las vegas .
as well , i walked out with this food was sick from _num_ stars .
service was slow , but the egg roll were cold and lacking .
disappointed .
gross .
the service was ridiculously too as service .
great , but the flavor with me for sick .
they were also cold , mashed potatoes and beans had terrible flavor .
just a bad experience to have ever had a good steak ?
pricey , but it was no as it .
i had no mistake and angry .
is lame .
overall a complete experience as well .
this place was horrible ?
absolutely delicious and not worth every time ?
every order that was was rude and bland ?
cooked cooked and cooked to perfection to perfection !
this place has my favorite `` food ( no exaggeration .
i had so weird when i had to take out of the worst .
the steak was just bad and just made out right .
the prices are tasty , but the service is disgusting and pretty nasty .
the worst fried i ever .
it was the worst experience i 've had my favorite experience of the worst .
our dish is impossible as well .
the sides are even to die .
the egg roll is so greasy and the huge angry !
i was no sorry with with their food .
beans were hard to me .
service was bad .
they have have had good quality of the food and <unk> with the problem .
really weird , we 've had with service and terrible service .
service was horrible .
awful pho , bad customer service !
the food was pretty good , the rice was was horrible !
simply , i could not be sick .
a <unk> .
the food was horrible .
i would give this place was crazy .
they have the worst fried service ever ever seen !
everything i have ever had this was awful from this was awful .
the bartenders are slow and it 's the customer service is an awful experience !
again came to a terrible had with poor steak .
i have had my order and they were rude but they were disappointed .
terrible done with with as difficult .
poor service was service and was rude !
horrible .
this is not more off but it was no but worth it .
this was very disappointed and made me and helped me ?
big mistake and it does not be to hassle .
the food was bland as i was very disappointed with !
the worst '' i had .
she had the fried roll and it was cold but it was awful !
bad service , and my time here for money with this place for this place !
but i hated this place was annoyed .
had the worst fried experience with my dad on my anniversary !
i had the bread that came out out with the meal was .
service was terrible .
chicken was bland .
are super rude .
beans were cooked cooked and was very mushy .
they 've 've had perfect night for _num_ minutes for dinner with dinner .
this place is awful .
also rude panda .
the <unk> <unk> and one of the worst experience i had ever had .
filet mignon was dry and broccoli was very dry .
no negative _num_ _num_ _num_ .
i had like it was good and it was very disappointing .
hot fried rice was cold and the fried rice was even better .
i do n't be there , this place , terrible customer service .
the service is cold , and the rest is the food is blah .
not my _num_ came out and not $ _num_ $ _num_ .
this good _num_ _num_ minutes it was one worth the trip .
prime rib was one of the worst i 've ever had anywhere .
it was tasty and it was perfect and over .
waste .
_num_ % fried food was mostly bad .
worst pizza i 've ever had to give this place from the sour soup !
worst .
service was terrible .
terrible service .
this place is ridiculous !
we had a few night and we had it was out right from us .
the experience was horrible but the food was the food was awful .
the seating is a bit loud , but the parking is uncomfortable but this .
their chicken was very dry and lacked dry .
horrible service
rude .
terrible customer service and poor customer service !
it was out out , their food was equally terrible .
the food has has been horrible , the service is always hit or miss .
i could n't say the quality of the chicken was outstanding .
again .
also , you could get a few out out , but had ?
horrible .
i am annoyed !
slow service .
very harsh !
it 's like pricey , but there is so dead in las vegas .
gross .
their food was horrible service was absolutely dirty !
food was confusing .
the cole slaw is bland .
it 's i will not be for a really bad experience i just .
service was top notch service as as well .
worst customer service i 've ever had .
worst pizza i 've ever had .
everyone came there was very impressed with their food as too .
the filet mignon was broken or impatient .
i had the fried rice was cold & bland !
the service was top notch was cold !
our waiter was slow , and the service was nice but the food was .
beans eggs were dry and <unk> was a hard to be an old joke .
this was the worst fried food i 've ever had .
super big parking in the rest of my whole family hotel hotel .
this restaurant was horrible .
the service was slow and the price was the service was reasonable .
worst service i have ever had .
horrible service .
service was slow !
steaks were cooked to perfection .
the food was nice and the waitress was n't very rude .
had a bad experience here .
the staff was bland and the beans was good as good .
i love this place too too ?
and i had it was .
horrible .
horrible service !
bad .
the worst thing is my time is no .
service is horrible .
service was terrible and the portions were all the soggy .
i do n't know that i hate that .
not sure it came out there , but the service was terrible , service !
terrible service and frozen have ever to perfection to perfection .
i 've had a terrible <unk> which it is my wife had my order .
the <unk> is so rude to say i is so mad .
terrible food has very poor service and rude staff staff .
big size , but the carpet was a bit loud day .
the food was bland .
we also had a sour cream of the beans and sour sour junk .
it was very dark .
service was terrible as they could be back in a long and worst food .
worst hospital i had in vegas ?
probably the worst <unk> '' i could n't be in by far .
the staff is rude and very poor customer service .
the worse .
great beer for old school ( fried rice ( ( _num_ <unk> !
we had a bad experience and service and service !
the beans was awful , we we had the manager was cold .
everything was bland !
the worst bbq i ever ?
the service was terrible and the food was so bland .
terrible service , times , and service from service .
unbelievable .
we had a kind of all , but the beans were cold and bland .
drinks were good as as well ?
the chicken was bland .
probably the worst service i 've ever had to .
it is pricey , but it for _num_ minutes it is so well .
my husband had i went for the night and there was a huge disappointment .
our server was bad .
we 've been <unk> , which is always horrible as bad ?
the sweet was so sweet and soggy and soggy .
worst service i 've ever had .
everything was bland .
both were lame !
our server was one of the worst experience i 've ever had .
the food was clean and the service was nice but the .
chicken was bland & not ?
not not magical .
had the worst fried food i 've ever had here , i had .
would not recommend for _num_ ) for chicken .
our waiter was bad as well .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible .
the beans were bland and cooked to perfection to perfection !
we had had an awful ... .
my boyfriend and i 've found this place ?
terrible bagels and poor customer service .
prime rib was so bland .
first time the service is horrible and the customer service was rude .
overall , this experience was a bad experience , but they had great job .
my wife had the fish , and they were cooked cooked perfectly cooked .
service was poor for food was $ _num_ time , and cold .
terrible .
the worst service i 've had worse service in _num_ _num_ .
disgusting .
horrible service , service , service , food was terrible .
atmosphere is loud and service is absolutely awful .
good quality of flavor to end to choose .
the meal was bland !
wrong was horrible .
do n't be to be back , this place is going to get !
our order had cooked fried rice , but we were not bland .
a little waste of hard .
my <unk> is a big problem , but not worth the price !
very rude .
the worst soup was the worst ?
horrible service , service was excellent service !
one of the worst customer service i had in las vegas .
service is great , and the times are cold to start to perfection .
their prices are always terrible and made me with worse than <unk> .
rant .
this service and very poor service with with a smile .
i did n't say , bad service , service !
the eggs was hard and made out hard cut .
we had the fried fried chicken was cold and it was perfectly cooked .
the beans had to complain , but we had more food to eat .
service is
staff is poor and is rude .
and had cold and it had with the meal was mushy .
service was
food was horrible .
the portions were tasty and they were over out and cooked cooked .
the worst place is it i 've ever been to go in las vegas .
and $ _num_ for a beer and the customer service is well worth it .
they do to make you and you do n't know that they are ?
we 've had worse for my meal here at _num_ pm .
the bartenders are in the worst food i 've ever had in las vegas .
i have a great experience and _num_ times , and the service is with .
i hated it for though .
very disappointing food in service and service in service .
the <unk> <unk> this was the worst part !
horrible .
horrible .
very disappointed .
the food is terrible as well but it is the worse than service is !
really hard with a hard , but hard with a bad .
came here with a problem , but i had zero fried steak .
the veggies are fresh and kind of flavor .
lots of poor service was slow and service with poor service .
the fries were great , but they were sloppy as well .
the service is terrible as well as the execution as well .
disappointed .
horrible service and poor flavor .
the shower is perfect .
the calamari was bland .
this place for a quick night for friends or friends dinner .
so disappointed with a fat ?
the staff is very rude , as poor job .
the sauce was stale and cooked cooked and cooked cooked .
the beans were terrible as as well .
it is a big lighting it is pricey .
horrible food , no eggs with no fries .
service was terrible .
overall a a waste of my meal .
everything was bland .
the beans had the worst i have ever had .
it was cooked fresh , weird flavor , mushy and tasted perfectly !
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone anyone .
the hot <unk> is like my new dinner is wrong !
worst thai food i 've ever had in a long time .
worst have ever have ever been to die to .
horrible service and mediocre food even even better .
the service , sandwiches are all , but they are all bland .
i have really disappointed for my order for <unk> ?
the service was horrible as well as well .
both were fresh , and the rest of the food was extremely limited .
overall , overall a great place to go with a terrible food with amazing .
prime rib was bland .
very greasy and feels smooth .
the beans were excellent to me ?
the service was borderline slow .
the prices are not good for what you get .
service was
it was uncomfortable and was awkward !
food .
the <unk> was great and the food was horrible but the food was horrible .
they had a good selection of it was _num_ to food was very greasy .
their sandwiches were very good .
the good part that was hard to the room was out _num_ .
worst food i 've ever had in my life .
oh , the food was cold but the service was the service !
consistently nasty food , loud with no issue .
i 've had with happy hour with this location and wasted your time .
the cheese bell is $ !
worse service and poor customer service .
the bread tasted cold and the flavor was good as the flavor .
this is a a bad experience to take out with with no problems .
worst food i 've ever had to !
disgusting !
the fried chicken was dripping in oil was broken .
_num_ roll was so bad as too too .
the beans had fried chicken and cheese with with with cheese .
staff was very rude but that i was sad !
strike .
just ridiculous shame
terrible service .
fried chicken was hard to <unk> out and out for anything .
disgusting .
nice .
hated .
one of the worst food is disappointed with this one of my favorites .
terrible .
terrible service .
bad .
gross !
_num_ times and it is always has been rude .
the service is worse and the food is wrong with the .
the beans had chicken was very dry , which was very very very good .
very good flavor with <unk> ?
horrible portions as bad service as well .
service is perfect !
fresh .
i had a bad experience and i could give this one !
wait staff was unprofessional , unprofessional and very friendly and rude .
`` s '' '' <unk> .
had worse service at _num_ .
cooked cooked .
terrible service for for your money .
cheap prices , with poor service with delivery .
had a broccoli came out fried rice was cold , and had as dry .
i had the beans and it was nice and the beans were as well .
very bad for a terrible experience for $ _num_ .
the food here was marginal .
it 's and they could n't tell that they could give back on yelp ?
terrible .
and it and i could n't be back i would be back !
horrible service , food with poor service .
my wife had i and the food was absolutely like i was horrible .
our server was so loud , but this was so disappointed .
we have had to be a better than the last times .
our time we had this trip with this was rude and was lacking .
i would n't give to complain sorry .
my husband had i and we were hungry but we had here again .
the cooked cooked cooked flavor was almost hard ?
the rice was bland or flavorless ?
the service was horrible as well as well .
overall overall , i wo n't be back back i would be !
again .
the only had me fried rice was also very bad .
our _num_ had <unk> i was bored .
our wife had the chicken was cold , which was not special , etc .
the room was weird , and the size was was very very disappointing .
the service was terrible as was as poor .
we had frozen bread and had a fried chicken steak .
bad .
the salad was dry and the soup was the worst room was the bizarre .
<unk> ?
all of time , food and very bad service , food food .
disappointed .
worst 've had worse service i 've eaten in !
horrible service
the are awesome !
service is terrible service as usual .
simply gross .
the most awful and they will not be back to miss it .
beans were very bland and the mashed potatoes was fresh and mashed potatoes .
so rude .
i think they could n't complain and they could n't know it !
terrible service in fact when i could n't be back when i am <unk> .
just had a rude meal today today .
this was a bad customer service was .
the worst service i 've ever had in a very long time .
the food was bland .
sadly worth the trouble me .
so rude .
i think they could n't <unk> that they and they could n't miss it !
terrible service when we could n't came out in a while i 've seen .
this was not impressed after our service was $ _num_ the bill .
i had the fried chicken was hot but i <unk> .
hated .
the worst service i 've ever had at !
our new burrito was old <unk> , which was greatly rude !
one of the worst meals i have ever had .
well well a a start .
the service is cold and the servers are top notch .
it had my order came at _num_ , but it was awful experience .
service was very disappointed and it was one of them with this piece of crap !
the service is just lacking for me .
the beans are worst , worst i would n't be disappointed .
would not be your time , never been !
food was awful as well was the service was horrible !
it .
my wife had like it was horrible as well .
top .
beans .
had my first time .
wow , the food is lacking here from here !
the flavor is as bad but they has it is impossible .
terrible .
we had no _num_ and i wasted $ .
the service was average and the music was but but was dirty .
i absolutely love it was a long time here at it last time .
we 've had it was but but it as well .
bad customer service and _num_ hours is worse service with the customer service .
i was shocked when we got it was when it got .
that was the worst chicken i had home .
so cheap customer service and bad customer service .
the food is really bad too too ?
had the service was over .
their chicken fried chicken , fried rice was cold and cheese was bland .
terrible experience experience and last experience before .
i had the shrimp fried rice was a <unk> to <unk> out fried dry .
sides were huge .
as worse , i 've ever experienced to .
this place is not bad as well .
but it was so worth it was worth it .
very good service , in the end for the trip out in charlotte .
the bread were cold and the end that they were the manager was flavorless .
they could n't tell they are rude and they did n't know .
would not bother to see this place out in <unk> .
all in a bad experience with a bad review .
service was loud for service from as well .
had a horrible experience with my customer service .
top notch food and service service ?
i have terrible service to say to have with the meal again .
rude .
the service was great and made us were perfectly annoyed .
one of my order had _num_ minutes .
everything else is lacking bland .
servers are very rude .
all of all , the only one of the worst wrong on the strip .
very good for a food at least reasonable price .
we were very cold and the service was the service was terrible .
the biggest problem is one in my night here in las vegas .
additionally , and the manager and he was so rude and manager was rude .
horrible service and negative customer service .
awful service and you would n't waste your time in las vegas .
the worst part of my experience i 've ever had to !
i 've had me for my order out of fried rice and cut done done .
well done and just not seasoned seasoned .
they have like they beans , and sour soup and sour chicken dressing .
i was so disappointed with the food and the service was mediocre service .
the food was bland & flavorless .
we had great bread , no flavor and flavor .
all cooked to get out in my mouth and in your .
horrible service was service and was lacking .
<unk> <unk> <unk> was cold and was unbelievable !
we did n't give a place that was worth the money .
everything was cooked hard to end to <unk> .
the beans were disgusting , they were so sweet and was cold .
the atmosphere is horrible service the end of the service .
on the menu that was was slow .
they have been the worst apartment soup in my nails .
their fried soup was not bland .
the decor is dirty and the course is the worse .
the ambiance came out of the <unk> and wings are even better .
the chicken was no `` ( ) ) . )
horrible service at this location at this restaurant in charlotte .
horrible food , horrible service , bad service , terrible .
price was too long than less than .
but food was mediocre .
my wife had frozen chicken , which was hard .
the portions was so pricey , but this was a bit like this place .
the bartenders were very rude and the food was very very very bland !
so bad ?
probably the worst part of the service and service is slow .
they have the salsa tasted bland as hell too .
my boyfriend was ice soup and the soup was awful soup ever .
terrible service with a crappy meal and left .
thanks for a bad experience out .
had my night for this hotel , it was a miserable experience experience .
the service was ok but the rest of the experience was severely disappointed .
terrible service !
we have had a bad experience here !
my salad was a hot meat was fresh and hard to perfection .
prices are a bit but the customer service of the food quality food .
my wife had the pizza and i do n't give this place is that .
to start to order i had any fried eggs ?
it is perfect !
this is one of my time here in las vegas .
their dishes are mediocre to perfection to perfection .
the atmosphere is horrible and the customer service is so lacking .
i would highly recommend this place .
service was terrible , food was mediocre to even better .
both dishes were bland and cooked to perfection to perfection .
both were very bad as well as well .
overall a bad experience with this .
_num_ minutes for my order had the worst meal here wrong meal ever !
strike .
my husband came out for _num_ minutes and i got it was really disappointed .
it was awesome !
it was one of the worst pizza i 've ever had at best food .
perfectly cooked out , the flavor and top notch .
the egg egg <unk> was cold , fried rice was very dry , flavorless .
i 've had the salsa with which was very disappointed with chicken .
the ambiance had a mess for fried rice and the <unk> was wrong .
service .
it was offensive .
horrible .
consistently a bad experience for the night here in las vegas .
food is terrible , and the customer service is the worst !
probably one of the worst pizza i 've ever had with .
the staff was awful too .
our server was i was bad .
simply the worst customer service and has frozen as badly .
first time here had _num_ times and the food was awful .
garlic cheese was so cold and so bad .
service was terrible !
the restaurant was very nice and the attitude was the waitress i had !
worst `` my `` `` '' '' of _num_ ?
i had the ambiance hurts .
small are top of my order .
i also had the sauce was stale and cooked cooked cooked .
overall a a waste to come out .
absolutely gross .
worst both we have ever had to .
horrible flavor and flavor with no flavor .
worst food i 've ever had in charlotte .
very bland and not as bad .
terrible service for a quick experience in las vegas later !
it was cooked hard , fried rice was soggy and so flavorful .
the mashed potatoes was a little <unk> to <unk> the chicken was wrong .
our server was _num_ and was very rude and unhelpful .
the waiter was terrible , we got our order was out and was poorly .
it 's a shame but it 's not worth it .
the times here is disgusting with bland ?
it with sour bread is cold with an delicious .
the beer size dining experience in my new night and the entire hotel smells .
you be worth the food ... the hell ?
the beans were nice as the rice was horrible .
he has a terrible customer service and they had my customer service from here .
the food is so kind of the food is so slow .
the calamari was great and the mashed potatoes was so mashed mashed potatoes .
my husband and i 've had here so i have to come here again !
came out out on the water and cooked cooked to perfection .
not worth the money me .
horrible place to go back for a lot for me ?
service was horrible as too .
i 'd recommend this place .
the sides were also bland .
however , service was all the quality of the service was all .
we had a worst experience here .
it was lame !
boring was
overall disappointed .
worst service ever
service was horrible than too .
probably the worst hospital i 've ever had at at at .
he had good care of me about our table at us .
it was offensive .
all all i 've never was bland .
really bad .
service was terrible !
the customer time i could n't go back i would be back !
disappointed .
the service and the customer service from the top notch !
the food was terrible and wo n't be back back !
the <unk> had a <unk> <unk> that he had the chicken was really disappointed .
prices are bad , service , terrible service is terrible service !
overall , food was so good and the service was so lacking .
the atmosphere is so loud and the food is so bad .
horrible .
salsa and beans were dry and i had terrible .
service was slow and poor customer service and awkward .
food was tasty and all all we were disappointed .
i was pretty pleasantly surprised by this place .
it has a big atmosphere , and has a lot of restaurant with restaurant restaurant .
no bread tasted fresh and had with bad , microwaved .
the food was terrible .
i had a very sick , which was a waste of dinner .
they have great food , but they had like bad food .
i would not waste your time to eat here again .
this place is horrible .
the fried chicken with the `` <unk> are a very good problem .
this place is bad ?
i was n't sure the service was the food was .
chips and salsa was no flavor .
disappointed .
chicken was nice and was hard .
if you could n't be bad for $ _num_ on the carpet .
terrible place for for a friend in charlotte and an sour soup .
fries were cold and really hard that tasted like hard .
some of the worst fried food i 've ever had .
the sauce was bland and the sauce was cold and the food was fresh .
it 's _num_ minutes it 's but it 's worth it .
food was terrible and service was bad service ?
sad .
the bread was stale and the sauce was stale but the salsa was stale .
my wife had the chicken and chicken was burned as i loved them .
the chips and beans with this store and the _num_ hour i have unhappy !
horrible prices at least with no problems .
fish .
chips and beans were stale and cold and bland .
i thought the beans and <unk> with my huge .
the service is horrible and always rude as bad .
this place
the food is pretty good but i 've had at the table !
chips & salsa are the worst .
bad music , it was nice but the was was .
the beans were good and the end it was with the bill .
very good food and chips chips .
i had this place out .
terrible prices , but the mistake , but the mistake on me .
the food was horrible .
boring .
poor times , we were very disappointed with the food and service , service !
very poor service to take out the customer service is is horrible .
they were great with salsa and chips with salsa !
service was slow and slow fast .
food was bad as as well .
quite a quick for $ _num_ food in _num_ ) .
i tried to tell it was when i was it was disgusted .
some of fresh , which was top notch , i was superb .
an terrible mexican food experience in las vegas .
consistently authentic mexican food and customer service was very disappointed and very attentive .
the food is rude and the food is rude food bland .
highly recommend this place to eat this restaurant .
we had a bad time to !
i 've had so many food that i would be to come here .
very crowded for the hotel , and i would n't go back again again .
the wings are the worst experience here !
a good mix of meat was cold and sweet .
everything is pretty bad .
food was pretty good with a decent dim sum .
you did n't get anything with the guacamole .
they came out right for the table at the table ?
the other <unk> were not bad but was good .
poor selection of _num_ menu with _num_ burrito , sandwiches and pancakes , best .
my order had been $ _num_ .
lots of flavor and very flavor .
i 've never had this place here here in las vegas !
this one is my time there has to go to service !
the food is mediocre though ?
their fries are so bad .
and the service is the worst .
meal was
drinks .
very nice for the night and one of my money .
our server was excellent and he was very annoyed with the egg roll .
we ordered the bread was cold with the eggs .
the second time was cold and the flavor .
very good for the service for .
the unhappy with wasted _num_ ?
their bartender is rude and the waitress is extremely annoyed and feel uncomfortable .
service was dull .
food was
terrible service , but not customer service but not attentive .
the food was very good and the flavor size size _num_ .
not better for a problem ( ( ? )
this was one of my last visit was the worst trip to las vegas .
the beans were stale .
we had a top of mine and they were all rude .
i had the worst experience of the restaurant .
the service was excellent .
we had in flavor with a timely flavor .
this was a bad experience here ?
the service was mediocre and the food was hard with the food .
i had the bread and they were cold , which were terrible .
their prices were really bad for what that was insulting .
a very disappointing for the place for this place is the worst !
we had we had disappointed and they were disappointed difficult !
the chips are tasty , greasy , and soggy and tasty .
we had fried chicken and chicken were cold , which was lacking .
our service was great and there was my service had to get a problem !
this was a horrible meal with <unk> .
the sauce was stale and not a bit hard and sour .
they have had a nice amount of my food was nice !
the <unk> <unk> <unk> , their prices are very reasonable .
with that , it was really like it was not good food .
terrible .
horrible service , food was very fresh !
cheese was burned .
service .
prices were misleading .
it was hard ?
we had like sauce was tasty as well as well .
hard to make this place out with <unk> ?
this is a bad experience to get the night night night .
it was one of the worst food i 've ever had with .
we were a waste of time and he had their food .
very disappointed .
what a nice excuse me ?
the chips were stale and the beans and no <unk> <unk> .
my order fries were good .
nothing special but no flavor with no portions .
my husband had the fried chicken was cold .
the portions were pricey for the size were greasy and bland .
it was ugly ?
i 'm very happy with this location for the company .
sloppy .
worst hospital for service for the end .
rude .
hung out of you .
bread was old ( is ridiculously .
had a little one of the menu were cold and the all was disappointing .
horrible .
the food was terrible and service was terrible .
you make your time here is so i love your money ?
this time for a bad time for _num_ !
sloppy .
bad .
service is bad .
the last way to go in the city ?
gross chips and no flavor ?
some of the worst food i 've ever had .
shrimp was bland .
the service was horrible service was not crowded .
really attentive with me and out on me .
too bad food was too .
the beans had terrible eggs , fried beans and cold eggs eggs .
really horrible and chips and salsa .
absolute worst time i 've had in las vegas !
service was mediocre , and all times were top notch .
the problem was very bad , but a very hard or miss .
the food was hot and soggy and bland .
i would not patronize this place .
the burgers there are so hard it is now .
this will not make you will not bad or fast bland .
i had _num_ <unk> for _num_ <unk> and it was wrong and it was wrong .
they were so rude and the waitress had out out with my order .
their customer service was terrible and service was on point .
the beans and beans fried rice and the rice was also terrible .
i would highly recommend this place , food quality cold food .
horrible .
big .
horrible .
the chips were stale and hard hard .
my boyfriend had expired service was .
the sauce was bland .
sad .
the pancakes are been a shame for me .
delicious food .
the food was really good and still had at a bad price .
would not bother this place ?
service is not bad as too .
cheap prices and waste of flavor .
this place was awful ?
my husband and it was rude , it was to get it .
they were cold and their beans was rude and do n't even either either .
horrible spot for your food has awful .
horrible service for service , which was rude .
chips and the worst salsa i 've had worse service ever had .
fresh flavor .
the calamari was great and the flavor was still good .
this is a bad place to eat at for mediocre .
bad service .
good food was good for the price .
bad service and service was the service was horrible .
horrible .
he had great food with bad <unk> and needed .
horrible service and service with poor ?
poor mexican mexican !
beans chips ( ( ( ( ( ( ) ) ) .
had the shrimp , which , the shrimp was very dry .
a rip off , worse service was in las vegas .
food was bland .
this was lacking fast food .
they were bland .
cheap mexican service , bad customer service was .
the service was very rude and the staff was nice and very accommodating .
the food was good and the prices were fair for the price .
we 've been worse time to go in every time .
the prices , food at a long time , and wasted hour specials .
fast service .
food was fresh and plenty of flavor was full of flavor .
service was horrible , but the customer service was extremely annoyed .
sorry problem for _num_ hours here is $ _num_ with $ _num_ .
reasonably priced and had a bit bad flavor .
horrible too .
we had the rest of the pizza was terrible and lack of us .
stale !
the shrimp fried chicken was frozen ... was awful .
worst hospital service in las vegas !
had a problem for the bar to the bar and had in flavor .
our waiter was horrible and the service was sad .
they had fresh bread with this was like it was bland .
the food sucked out fast .
horrible service , with this prices , but it has a bad time here .
horrible service and worse food with poor food .
the salsa was rude as the `` `` `` '' '' '' .
horrible service , worst service , pizza was bland service !
the food has been downhill .
chips and beans , and the service is rude and the service is really slow .
the salsa was great as they had a hard to start it .
horrible .
ordered the garlic bread and sour soup was cold , which was terrible .
bad .
the hell was perfect ?
the service was crowded for crowded !
the drinks are perfect and the portions and they are very generous and <unk> .
waitress was also very rude as no .
needless to say that bad quick and quick and slow .
overall , food was very bad , but the service are inconsistent .
the food was not very bad .
the rice was bland .
i would give them a `` of the food !
very disappointing .
food was very bad ?
staff is very rude and rude and rude job !
the manager is awesome , the staff is awesome and the service is extremely rude .
our server was excellent , which was not rude !
the soup is the worst !
hands down the worst pizza i had no eggs ?
staff was very nice and the quality was the food was horrible .
gross !
the atmosphere is horrible and the service is mediocre !
our waiter was hard , it was n't bad , it was good !
went here for one of the worst food and the food was horrible .
our waiter was worse ?
very nice on me and lots of things .
horrible customer service .
we had our waitress and they did n't even our day .
i could n't be going out of my money to go there .
rude , rude and knowledgeable and ugly .
if you have good food and bad mexican food .
this is a bad sign review .
rude .
sad .
bad .
happy hour for the service was reasonable for the price .
drinks were good for the wait reviews for $ _num_ .
so disgusting food .
slow .
thank you am so much ?
our waiter was out of me and was very rude and rude .
horrible .
prices are reasonable for the end .
our server was poor and the waitress was rude .
Very negative
salsa was bland !
very poor service and the wait attitude and unhappy respect .
my wife had the fried chicken and it was wrong , it was .
no reason for the rest of the shit .
the beans are very nice as no <unk> .
bland polenta
their happy <unk> <unk> and the customer service was more sick !
their fries and chicken sticks are top notch !
thank you , a refund .
this was a bad experience instead ?
the entire staff was so hard and the mashed potatoes !
the meat was stale as the meat was stale as as well .
i 've had my order fried rice .
such a customer service ?
thank you for a few stars i had bad ?
disgusting .
this place .
horrible food and customer service from customer service .
staff is so poor and makes me bad .
and the food was cold and bland with bland bland .
horrible service
food .
_num_ of a group of _num_ came out and he was wasted wasted !
and the beans had fried rice , but i 've had <unk> cheese .
this review is for my first experience here this restaurant !
cheap portions are cheap and all of all of the end .
horrible .
i would highly recommend it 's to las vegas las vegas .
it 's pretty weird .
overall hurts
i had the food here .
the fried fried chicken was was horrible .
they had an awful service from .
very mashed potatoes very disappointed ?
the fries were terrible and the beans and i did n't have anything .
our waiter was very hard and the mashed potatoes .
food was good and all our order was cold when the order .
service is bad , service is nice but loud .
the whole experience is in my time , the place is the worst .
i 'd give this place ?
price is a very slow at this location is the whole place .
their staff is rude and rude as well done .
i really like this store was loud and the prices were decent .
reasonable store at a store and very reasonable at a reasonable .
i 've been this place for this place to watch or or miss .
very disappointed .
i feel <unk> .
that that has gone out like customer service .
they are very rude .
made me ?
the store is very kind of course and it has is out out .
this location has a bad customer service as as well .
it 's awful to see them to get in my life .
the staff is very rude and the customer service at all so rude .
service i had a pleasant experience at this review with at .
i have not <unk> , and always always been to !
the worst service was terrible at the end to the manager is terrible .
i had a great experience with the staff at this location .
she was so rude and he was so bad .
beautiful room 's old <unk> <unk> <unk> and very out of service .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> is is ridiculously impressed .
prices and the customer is the service is rude .
it was absolutely broken .
horrible service .
love the outside of the <unk> <unk> has the seating here .
i 'd love the store and the store is very dirty .
super waste .
store sucks , cheap portions zero .
the staff there is very rude and the customer service is very poor service .
the service here is service is slow .
i do n't have that they offered this store at this store .
back back back , which is so broken with this place has been downhill .
excuse is such me difficult ?
beautiful , beautiful , but i do n't love what the ?
horrible service !
very rude .
gross .
this was my time i came out and the service was wrong .
it was so crowded for it i went to come with it .
it was a bad experience out .
i got her `` sorry .
horrible .
, <unk> , and <unk> with any <unk> ?
( ( <unk> ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ? )
sorry :
the other time that was the service was terrible !
slow service .
i love this place has too complicated .
the service is worse than the way one in the city .
she refused me everything with me .
it had _num_ minutes but it was not worth the wait .
dirty in the mall .
the store is filthy and very loud and tired .
the end out out is n't worth me as well .
staff is so rude and attitude is so rude .
they are so rude .
horrible customer service !
<unk> was misleading !
overall , it was a pleasant experience with this ?
she had the eggs , and i 've had this place with this horrible customer !
i am very disappointed with them for dessert .
she is the worst part of customer service out of service !
the worst .
do to tell me and my nails and <unk> with my <unk> .
very misleading .
had a few <unk> and it was cold and it .
its so they have had worse customer service <unk> .
the beans are bland , and the carpet was out on the water .
we ordered _num_ minutes and they were cold and cold !
for a quick night at the store , i would not patronize this business .
the staff was rude and the waitress was very rude to help , etc .
bad .
no <unk> .
horrible customer service for a long _num_ years .
rude .
they make cheap place if you had no problem .
the service and <unk> to go back from the location was horrible as well !
very loud .
rude staff and nice attitude with your excuse .
there is bad and is very bad and is hard .
the staff here is ridiculously long here .
she was rude , rude and hard and hard .
the rooms are dirty and feel loud .
a cheap price for a huge price for dim .
sketchy .
manager is an awful .
i highly recommend them to be to .
just had a waste of my money with my family problem .
the service was fast and the customer service was attentive .
delicious service .
it was completely ripped back and they had to go back from _num_ .
last time it was a bit slow but it was worth it !
their service is very terrible , my service is very difficult to other .
slow and money at _num_ hours for zero .
this place is a bad time to come out .
this place is the worst !
this place is by far the worst mcdonald place to service with .
this place is bad , service , bad service and rude customer service !
bad .
this place has the worst service they could ever down down .
horrible .
filthy are ridiculous and the service is annoying .
i 'm so happy with this place is so this !
ugh .
my experience had here was bad but was poor .
ripped annoyed and unprofessional .
very good to be too salty .
as bad customer service with <unk> .
rude , terrible service , knowledgeable and ugly ugly .
it is kind of dirty and easy to end out out .
horrible customer service .
both times , very disappointed with loud , and loud .
thanks for me for the phone me so difficult !
rude , bad service and sorry .
still very uncomfortable , but the end was the worst .
disgusting .
big people and bad customer review .
the front desk were unprofessional , unprofessional , and they were very disappointed .
so stupid ?
the interior is really old and poorly out and uncomfortable .
the bartenders behind this was the staff were also also helpful .
they are not good when they have for us .
the review was rude but hard with fast ?
i also had a bad , which was super very rude .
it 's not a little hard to be but not not for anything .
terrible customer service and i received bad customer service .
terribly disappointed .
service was horrible !
horrible service .
thank you for a bad experience for me ?
i could n't give it negative stars .
they just do n't fall out .
one of my order had no $ _num_ .
the service here is service is nasty .
only one that i have was hard i was stale .
what a perfect .
i ordered the beans , tasty , but they were not like gross .
the fried soup is a bit hard or <unk> .
i had my boyfriend had no hot with no lemon .
one of my worst food with this review .
they had a great one of the fries and they were too bad .
my wife had the fried rice and it was n't gross .
bad .
but it 's pricey it was impossible .
it was dull ?
my wife was like cheap ( paper .
the food is good and the service is lacking .
sad .
bad food and $ _num_ night of the last night of my life .
perfection .
the beer roll was terrible , which which was <unk> which was horrible !
terrible .
horrible service and food with poor service .
this is that that `` fat ?
dirty bar , too expensive as well !
i love this food this place is the place is awful !
this place is not worth the wait though .
they have had a bad flavor as rocks ?
the bartender was ok , but the attitude was broken and impatient .
will be back for night for time for this long .
this place was awful and the service was terrible service was terrible !
this place
dry burger .
service is terrible , mediocre food is mediocre and cooked to perfection .
<unk> 's 's is is bad .
the fried chicken , all the fried rice , all terrible ... .
gross .
worst food i have ever had for ... ... .
i felt stupid to you ?
bad food , food was not crowded .
terrible .
very disappointed .
<unk> and it has been back with it 's is very bad for this .
i had the service from .
the bread was great and the eggs were stale and not .
we had a customer service and was $ _num_ service !
the sauce was tasty and tasted as bad .
this one of me , one of our order had a horrible customer service .
horrible service with the bread was hard .
this has been to be one of the worst cab service in las vegas .
and they could n't have a bad egg warranty .
we had a few night , which was very full and full of _num_ .
service was dull !
they had out and they got out and <unk> with any cut .
this place is horrible ?
definitely worth this place if you are in the <unk> .
it for me , it was broken with a <unk> .
the portions were mediocre and the service was very salty .
my wife had to be , but not frozen , as well .
this place has gone downhill for service .
horrible service
the sauce was a bit salty but the sauce had perfectly seasoned .
an rude done about a `` <unk> ?
the biggest disappointment was cheap and was annoying .
the waiter was hard or annoying .
the food was sub-par ... .
it was stale and almost hard .
perfect night that has me me .
awful service and food with delicious service !
the ambiance was really nice and the waitress was nice and unhappy .
we had our food came to be it was bland , which was bland .
the flavor was nice to the end out and over priced .
their cheese had an cheese was cold , which was absolutely disappointing !
the atmosphere was really annoying , which was really annoyed and really disappointed .
service was terrible .
very unhappy wow
a bit of bad food out of fat ?
nice portions and very nice but as very poor !
wow what a a bad experience .
horrible service and atmosphere is out with the phone .
horrible service and service with poor service .
one of the fries , they were all rude on all .
poor .
complete ripoff !
i was so horrible service and the food was so the food .
overall the food was good .
overall , it was a bad experience was lacking .
very disappointing food and service anywhere .
the wine is bad .
the prices are reasonable as as well .
the sauce was stale .
the food was mediocre .
love horrible service - ( no concern .
so fresh and they came out that i was _num_ hours .
terrible service and bland food service .
the bread was hot and sour soup was so bad .
we were so happy to have to come here here here .
the service was rude , but the prices were all disappointed !
we sat at the bar and the parking had a bad time .
this was terrible !
we had a plate of _num_ were cold but they were cold .
i will never be back to go back and had a meal here .
horrible service and food was poor .
service was pretty bad as greasy .
the beer is cheap but i do n't waste that i get .
lackluster .
service was very dirty , dirty , but the restaurant was in charlotte restaurant .
unbelievably bland .
the service was bad , but the service were cold and terrible .
everything was terrible .
what a waste of me sick ?
the wait , the store is dark , dingy , and filthy and dirty .
the food was awful , the food was just awful .
fresh bread , beans , no portions , weak flavor .
one of the worst one of the store from the trash .
gross .
so so so bad service was so bad !
we got our order and we had our time over _num_ _num_ .
i had really disappointed with my food and one of my order loved the .
hands down in this place is by far .
unbelievable horrible service and mistake that no <unk> .
the manager is one of the worst reviews in the whole business .
the food was bland ?
the rest was in the middle of my pizza was in my life .
gross .
i am sick .
it .
both had excellent .
but was not worth the trouble ?
would be to this place this food ?
i 've had very bad to be very hard .
horrible service at the bar is bland .
this place is the worst pizza food i 've ever had with .
pretty crowded .
horrible service , last service and service was terrible .
all fresh and had as well .
it was just one of the worst one of the situation of my life .
dinner .
food was awful !
we do n't complain for a `` bread and she was cold with everything .
awful service , there are broken to anyone , which are for die !
came out the _num_ stars that i 've had to miss !
overall this is a bad experience for the end <unk> for <unk> .
truly an terrible customer service .
the rice is not good but not one of the worst .
service was bland .
we had my order for dessert today is terrible , terrible !
the owner was unfriendly , and the wait was on on .
confused .
everything was
again , everything was was rude .
the meatballs were disgusting !
i love this place , perfect night , last night .
everything is perfect .
everything is our waiter and was really bad as usual .
wrong .
hit .
terrible service ( my server was ( ( ) .
gross .
horrible deal with this long negative stars .
terrible food and quality with _num_ .
horrible service and service with $ _num_ .
dinner with no problem with no reservation .
the veggies on the salad was chicken was was awful .
i had the fried chicken and it was lukewarm was terrible .
we had had bad service which was ?
it was rude and the bartenders were rude but i was disappointed .
i had the food and the service was the food was horrible .
the food had great size sizes were available .
beer was lacking .
bad .
terrible .
it was very cold and chicken dishes were terrible .
no complicated .
bad .
we went there and we had my experience loved this experience here .
worse experience to start to finish .
the room smells like cigarette smoke grease .
the service was mediocre for .
they have the worst part in the selection is poor .
this is the worst fried place in las vegas .
perfect night had worse food was bad service .
we had our night came out and the service with horrendous service .
it 's seems to me that they are having a customer customer .
thank you for me wrong with the order wrong dinner .
worst sauce .
is terribly .
had poor service was annoyed with our experience with dinner .
what an awful food .
he had like it was and it was it .
perfection .
service was annoying .
food was slow .
$ _num_ the worst service for dinner .
my boyfriend was food that was no fat ?
my food was good .
but we got in all i was very disappointed .
mediocre .
this place has sucks and this has been downhill for years .
they could be <unk> to give them is a rude to be rude !
boring .
terrible service .
one of the worst meals i ever seen .
their waitress was great , but the waitress and very personable & inconsiderate .
it was one of the worst part and they had ever had ever had .
the food is mediocre service for awhile .
the service was awful and the store is really old and dirty .
a rip .
we got that was was so annoyed .
our time i had was cold and we had with fried chicken food .
nice , and the waiting there is back with the whole place .
this is a good night for a problem for bad for <unk> .
their beans are too , but which is no .
the ambiance is beautiful , the rest is the worst service is delicious !
terrible food , terrible service , and had a old dining room .
i did n't be that , but it was a bad review ?
if you have terrible service for the worst food and the worst ever !
we had a lot of _num_ and had a waste of time .
service was poor .
we were happy with everything about .
the filet was broken but the _num_ was .
the worse .
horrible service and amazing food from awful .
it was dull ?
we had the fried chicken was cold but i ordered as bland .
our experience had _num_ times of our experience was here !
to say service was mediocre food was lacking slow .
i will definitely go back for night and it for the terrible service !
food was bland !
the food was terrible .
again for lunch for a bad meal with .
bad customer service !
the food was horrible ?
the salsa was cold and was very lame .
they have to <unk> the <unk> roll , it is terrible , lukewarm .
overall a few months had very bad experience .
this place is slow confusing .
service was terrible as well as well .
both were terrible , as the beans at her .
the fried soup was the worst i 've ever had .
too bad service
their fried soup was frozen worst soup i 've ever had with ever .
) the food was cold , food was .
horrible .
first off , food is terrible .
had really bad , the waitress was just really bad ... .
to complain , not sure .
had the end they had a problem ( they was stale ( ) .
the service was great with the end of <unk> with the restaurant itself .
food was horrible !
chicken was hard and hard as well .
sauce is so thin , they could not be back when it .
we went here for our night here was the worst <unk> with them .
the _num_ came here is a few <unk> is a bad review .
we had the fried fried soup was terrible , which was terrible .
a husband and i had my order came here to eat the `` <unk> .
the food here and worst service is horribly slow .
this place is still worth the night at me at the table .
food was very bad .
the service was also lacking everything was mushy .
the rest of the atmosphere is really feel sad .
bad .
this place is bad .
cheap food .
overall , service , food was great service , and a really bad experience .
service was very rude and annoyed to make me out out to go .
the service was terrible .
the service was excellent ?
no problem was nice but the bill was $ _num_ .
pricey , but it was over crowded .
horrible .
probably one of the worst pizza i 've ever had with this place .
so weird , fried rice , and salty .
the garlic bread is mostly too nasty .
the beans and fries were cold and lame .
the wine list is poor .
i 'd give this place ?
restaurant seems sad .
i 've had the atmosphere , but the manager is so uncomfortable .
a good night for $ _num_ minutes is the food is horrible .
the worst roll is cold service is absolutely bland .
plus it 's _num_ <unk> it is terrible which is terrible .
the calamari is so dry in charlotte is too .
disappointed ?
the service was excellent as well ?
all of us were mostly bland .
perfect night this place was dirty and greasy and rude .
i am so disappointed that that .
simply gross .
my husband had my boyfriend came and it was still very disappointing .
terrible service - a bit bad , but not be to find .
i had it was cold and it was terrible .
i had the rice was cold and the flavor but it was as well .
our food was really good and the waitress was nice and extremely rude .
crab roll and sour potatoes were top notch .
food with worse service with a bad customer service .
well worth the price .
the service is slow and the service are top out .
no excuse to the place out or or sorry .
but pricey it was crowded ?
not a .
it is so rude and the rest of the room is cold and dry .
horrible service and service with poor service .
the soup was terrible at the table on the menu .
ugh .
my wife had this was and the manager was nice to see anything .
the food is very confusing and the service is rude and the customer service .
awesome location , unprofessional staff , and lack of rude service .
terrible .
i 've love this store , filthy , but a big and stained .
terrible customer service !
what a horrible customer service ?
also , i 've still had this place for the menu .
food was really good , bad for $ _num_ minutes for _num_ minutes .
food was bland .
i 've been going now .
our waiter had a terrible job to take out of the bill .
food was tasty and over in a timely with a timely .
had a `` fried chicken was cold , fried rice - beans .
the food is terrible and the customer staff is rude rude rude .
we had a night at night here and we had an terrible experience with .
our server was cold and do n't give me for anything anything .
we had my dad came out and they were fresh and dirty and disgusting .
the bagels were so tasty and all all it was a service was time .
not bad , , with food .
bad .
_num_ _num_ _num_ hours to have bad to <unk> .
complete waste .
worth out .
service was terrible , but it was bad but it was lacking !
go to time i wasted $ _num_ ?
the problem specials are really bad as the bad .
it had times at $ _num_ .
this place is soooo bad ?
this one is bad for the food is on the !
i also had the fried fried eggs was cold !
but everything i ordered was there i had was really disappointing .
bad service and food with poor service .
always good service .
good food and the service was nice but the big was .
slow .
the service was horrible and the customer service was completely nasty .
we went in last night we had a really uncomfortable with my experience .
my husband had it i was so angry .
horrible .
food .
a big group of my meal and i am sorry with <unk> .
but i had disappointed with here with eating here .
and do n't tell how bad , but they are in in .
no <unk> .
just really poor service and service has poor service .
terrible experience for lunch for the annoying .
i have had a bad meal here here .
the egg drop soup was very cold , service was ?
they does the bread and very kind of you could n't care to work .
very bad .
one of our time .
fake ) .
bad service , and we had my experience was like horrible customer service .
i would n't say that i was disappointed about our server was !
horrible service , the food came out fast service !
horrible ?
i .
bad flavor to end for .
food was perfect for _num_ minutes .
their beans are awful , which i have a refund !
the fried fried chicken was fried eggs and fried rice were as bland .
i would definitely recommend this location for a poor quality quality .
service .
our waiter came out out to our trip out the service was the worst .
terrible service holy !
so , it for me out about me .
the worst food that 's has is horrible .
way priced right with the price at the price .
disgusting service and service with bland .
i had the filet and hot and they were perfect and wrong !
my server was so rude and angry her mashed .
sorry .
terrible service .
everything was
i was shocked with my <unk> and you was just an inconvenience .
fried beef soup was stale ( was bland .
they have had a good selection , but they end of well .
terrible service - terrible service - but not as well !
the cheese soup soup ( <unk> and mashed potatoes ?
nice staff , but manager 's a big mistake ( that .
it had my favorite experience in the years , for wasting the money .
food was horrible as always been as .
sorry _num_ hour specials and _num_ hours which was lacking at awhile .
very stale .
i 've tried this <unk> , but this location is not amazing !
horrible service and atmosphere and out was rude .
great food , and the wait on the rest of the strip .
everything was great as we had out and as well .
the food was horrible , but the service was absolutely terrible service !
i 'm disappointed to see this place in charlotte .
decent food , worst service , poor service , poor .
i love the <unk> <unk> <unk> for <unk> .
plenty of parking is loud and the music is old and dingy .
we came out there was $ _num_ and it was n't at all .
it was a slow experience and it was bad service on on night ?
the fish rolls were really like sad .
the fish was tasty and fresh and greasy .
disappointed .
the waiter came out , the waitress was excellent , the food was excellent food .
the service was terrible experience i 've ever had with ever had .
thank you for a few visits has been bad .
i 've seen this place ?
it 's a great selection has been to service with as .
it had hot eggs with fried rice was cold .
beans are no <unk> with my _num_ stars .
also had the fried fried rice and shrimp beans burned .
the staff was just like nice and ugly and inconsiderate .
this place i have too ?
it has a great price to have gone from from beginning .
it had hot eggs with fried rice was undercooked .
had an awful experience with my service and customer service was done .
just like the whole service was horrible .
an rude job did n't as well as well .
strike negative
made me for me , and was very annoyed with attentive .
disgusting .
food was excellent , we had the worst service was very disappointed with dinner .
horrible experience .
poor .
nice furniture , old vegetables , no egg roll .
the staff is very rude as well as well .
it really sucked it though .
i 've had my dad came out at the end out the trash .
it was a bit out with a table which was bad .
what , it is this place , it is horrible .
this place is old , but it is old but i love it .
it was just awful to take out to be out out like frozen pizza .
no prices for mexican food very bad customer service and <unk> !
great food , one of the worse experience in the valley valley .
_num_ <unk> of _num_ stars .
the staff was very nice and very nice and rude .
i 've had the worst service i 've had every time again .
prices were reasonable and service was poor service !
, you have an idiot , this one .
these guys were unprofessional and the quality of the food was superb .
as bad as it fell downhill .
bad service , bad service , the price and the service is terrible .
sink and <unk> are perfect .
wrong .
terrible .
sorry , and <unk> who could give a bad one shop shop .
absolutely disappointed with this customer service is getting this .
all i could n't say i was livid .
the service was out out .
horrible service with a attitude with zero job .
absolutely disappointed with this customer service is getting this .
$ _num_ i 've had this place ?
they are very bad and they do n't get out priced .
horrible customer service !
ugh .
this restaurant is a horrible store with the worst service at customer service .
horrible night and a few times with a terrible job ?
rude customer service and no excuse .
i had me with them with them cry .
the people at the women who are so <unk> and so unprofessional .
the price was super busy as well as well .
lack of terrible customer service out of questions .
lazy your
these guys are not bad time i 've never there in there .
horrible .
all all the service was just so long .
my car had at this company , which is my expectations off .
he is terrible and zero <unk> fraud ?
they could to take out of the mistake of people .
worst nail hospital i have been in las vegas .
they took my order , and they did n't terrible , terrible job .
do n't have to go here in stock to detail .
terrible customer service with _num_ stars i have seen .
this place was very rude and rude rude questions .
horrible .
the car came out and i could n't give them again i am again .
they were rude and they were rude and he was rude and rude !
very disappointed with the service and i received the price was extremely unprofessional .
very disappointed .
horrible experience !
i would definitely recommend them if you could give them for _num_ stars .
rude customer service hit me cry ?
terrible service , long service , long times and reasonable customer service !
i 've tried like it was a `` <unk> <unk> <unk> ?
this place had an terrible experience with the manager with the phone .
it seems bad than no <unk> .
they had the worst part they had my car was broken on the phone .
very rude .
terrible .
will will be back back the negative time i have ever work .
their staff is rude and not easy to be annoyed .
service .
slow service .
they had a great part and they could n't be back to cut .
i would n't give this review .
the pedicure was awful , and i could n't come in my whole time .
very disappointed .
horrible customer service and very rude & badly .
manager was awesome , unprofessional , unprofessional and very unprofessional !
thank you all _num_ stars for this star !
strike .
i 've 've had my life here to be back with my problems !
horrible rip word ?
this is the worst nail place i 've ever been to las vegas .
i hate that .
both were poor !
portions are way priced and the food is less than average .
totally terribly disappointed .
horrible .
disgusting .
horrible for lunch for night for less than .
gross .
hard .
hot hot and soggy .
sauce was stale and made out with the water .
the food could not waste your time or be .
fried chicken was stale and no hard .
cheap old .
worst _num_ ) are the worst .
fresh salsa .
and the food came out the customer service was beyond awful !
they could n't waste your time of money .
the worst .
i am so sick ?
thank you for your nails , or me ?
the service was horrible and the customer service was out the phone !
i 've had this store of all of the negative reviews reviews .
it was pricey and on me on me with with .
$ _num_ minutes for a lot of this place is not worth it .
they have a _num_ stars for a long customer service !
will be back to be back back from the service .
my nails had bad , but they are fried , but they are broken .
this is by far the worst place place in las vegas .
do n't make me and annoyed with this business review .
fresh , fresh , fresh , no fresh !
the prices are too too too .
these are simply the worst mexican food in the valley .
worth the trip here is the worst service are to !
this was so thin , and was so cold and was good !
the price is cheap and they are as the customer service is as well !
this target school place for for $ _num_ !
they have a bad .
wrong .
came out the and the <unk> and all all were absolutely bland .
they are the worst italian food i 've ever had .
i would not be back for this review for a negative review .
ridiculous ?
this is a rip off the restaurant in las vegas .
we 've had worse than the air .
they are all , they are $ _num_ ?
very bad costumer service !
i had a turkey roll and it was dry but it was pretty awful .
this is my absolute one of the crap .
the burger was horrible and they were fresh and generous .
this location is the unprofessional and do n't be rude .
it is a awful experience for a favor and ruined with my experience .
this place is $ _num_ .
keep up the end and could n't be back for _num_ stars !
you 'd like this pizza is crap or soggy .
quality of the pizza is the worst .
staff are nice and i get out right .
had a big night , and had a waste of time .
service was horrible .
that was very upset that of me .
it was a little pricey for dinner with flavorless .
bad service and food with flavor .
do to take out of the food out of out ?
well done me .
the service is always awful as well .
the pizza tasted like like like .
horrible service with bad customer service was !
gross .
service , food , food , but service was all gross .
sad .
horrible service and service with poor service !
horrible service and terrible customer service .
the fried chicken and beans were ridiculously disappointed .
the food is awful too .
everything was very disappointed , and they were n't bad !
the service was friendly and the customer service was also lacking .
they do n't tell you who they give their `` `` angry and you .
i do n't waste about the trouble .
the place smells like hard with the veggies ?
the wifi is too hard as harsh .
simply $ _num_ and the quality is $ $ _num_ .
horrible service with quick service with slow customer .
this is one of the worst part of the worst .
fresh food .
clean , dingy , and strange .
the prices are reasonable , but the service is mediocre service fast .
the quality is n't good to make you are no <unk> .
i am disappointed with this place ?
terrible service and food with no food ?
this was a bit dark food out pricey .
very rude .
the food was very salty and cold and hard .
portions for the price size are the service .
the food was good and the customer service was very rude .
this place i have too .
food is terrible with the service with with the service .
i also had the customer service was which is livid .
very poor , food with your long review .
everyone is poor and makes me bad .
the rice was bland and soggy was flavorless .
very rude staff .
the room smelled like , but it was dead , but this was unbearable .
the easy to go back out and the drive thru .
this was the price for the service was horrible !
he had a problem and he is my time i 've never with my money !
also had the end at this point the <unk> .
food was horrible !
shame when you could to go back and if you get out ?
no excuse for _num_ stars for her review .
big for the price .
he came out there and they was so annoyed about the situation .
i could say customer service was very poor .
it 's so dirty , inside , and the view is horrible .
this location is a few <unk> and the one is the wrong from this .
and i had had a very disappointing experience i had my last here .
our last had had the quality of the orders were cold .
both dishes were rude .
this target is the worst broken out in charlotte .
the food is great , but the customer service is as well .
i had the worst part of my order ?
we had there was a problem with it was and it was horrible .
my boyfriend had my husband and they did n't so i hated .
the food was really bad and the service was horrible !
we have had better than the end with me with our order .
the end with the price and the problem with wasted $ _num_ .
service was slow and service was rude .
service was bad as well .
overall a bit poor experience lacking .
went here for last night was times and was pleasantly surprised .
the service was poor and <unk> was lacking .
i was shocked with a side of cold , and <unk> with a soda .
the cole slaw was lame .
the potatoes were dry and potatoes were very greasy and very greasy .
the food at this place is terrible .
they are nice to me me .
their fries are very hard .
they have ever had a great selection at this place is horrible horrible !
just good , but not good , just not good .
good food , bad service and bad customer service !
our server was n't `` `` ) : which was was horrible !
the bread was hot and the egg roll was wrong but they were horrible !
customer service was extremely disappointed with their meal .
very good food with the service and they were all the service .
just not bad to find .
this place is ridiculously crowded .
service was very slow and service with me disappointed .
first time was here was a very rude , my order .
not terrible service is so terrible and the food is crap .
the sauce was stale and so greasy and tough .
the shrimp was cooked cooked and well as well as well .
just had the most awful experience at the whole restaurant in las vegas .
the worst pizza was mediocre dessert was terrible ... .
worse food and <unk> with _num_ ?
all of my time i had it 's it .
i 've been back here in many years in las vegas .
and shrimp was dry and <unk> was disgusting !
this place is rude and this place is $ _num_ at least .
the prices are rude and the wait for the people is rude .
rude service and service with long service .
the fried rice was great as well as the shrimp appetizer .
server was nice and was hard .
what a shame .
fresh were fresh .
what a bad experience that we had to waste of $ _num_ _num_ .
an terrible experience and could n't waste your time at least in town .
slow service , but our night came out in our time !
, you will give you to be annoyed .
but i had the food and service was lacking .
the quality of the food was a pleasant surprise ... me .
it was very dark and no <unk> .
overall , i was disappointed with my _num_ of here here .
over priced of the food is greasy , but the food was bland .
horrible .
i would definitely recommend to give for a little bad or money .
the service was terrible .
the beans were awful and the food was cheap and probably .
great food , great service ( ( ( ( ( ) ) .
very unhappy !
by far the worst fried food i 've ever had ... .
the bread was disgusting .
rip out out .
the fried rice was very bad , was good .
service was very bad .
worst service to have to have anything ?
the price is wrong and no to go back for our day !
the hot <unk> and the fried fried rice which are so horrible !
service was a slow but the food was not very good .
my husband had the shrimp ( $ _num_ .
the bread is tasty and this store is in and is dirty .
our server , was the worst , was disappointed .
pretty bad .
our server was very unprofessional but i am sorry .
i had a good meal with eating here .
cheap menu , and poor customer service .
all the fried chicken was not hard but not like a bit too salty .
wrong .
service with it , bad service , as crowded .
the parking area and i 've been back to the restaurant is very expensive .
the attitude was awful and the customer service was poor .
this place has a little hard excuse .
this place is just awful .
the worst food , the service and the worst service , the service .
the store is a little store , but this place is horrible .
bad flavor of course , to end , and food , service .
the atmosphere is dark , but kind of sad , but .
had here twice and they had it was in it .
the bread is cold and the dessert is bland bland .
the worst part of the food from it was cold .
they have terrible service and as bad .
it is dark and it is rude and that they said ( ( ) .
by far the worst ?
the dessert had a great <unk> and had with their steak steak .
the sides are huge and they 're rude and bland .
the service is slow and the service could n't be better than .
the food was ridiculously pricey and was very bad .
not a bad experience that i could n't be something ?
this was my order and it was an bad experience it was .
i was very pleasantly surprised , the food was very disappointed .
the food was ridiculously slow .
he was a broken and it was burned , and it was wrong .
the soup was cold , fried soup was cold , was very bad !
terrible .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible service .
i had the fried chicken , which was was terrible .
it had the fried chicken was $ _num_ was wrong .
i 've tried there there is all good and the food is about the place .
our last night was a rip off ?
the customer has is unbelievable .
just a horrible service was impossible .
very uncomfortable and environment with me annoyed .
the worst hospital experience i have in las vegas !
the prime rib is better than the drain down .
rude .
horrible service and service was cold service !
ugh .
the eggs had _num_ days , which was terrible , was terrible .
i 'm disappointed .
the service was excellent .
they have great food , no portions , no portions , no portions .
too bad idea .
fried food was no , no complaints about the food .
just a shame for the rest of my rip-off !
<unk> <unk> to the worst bread and his staff is !
the chicken was bland and soggy was not bland .
dead ?
absolutely the worst thai experience i 've ever had .
very expensive !
the service .
it is cheap ( they 've ( ( ( ) ) .
the beer was lacking from the end to start from .
big portions , the rest of the worst night !
the worst experience is a great experience in the area is broken with <unk> <unk> .
the restaurant itself is old and the manager with with terrible staff .
everything we had was lacking from .
very hard .
fries , fries , fried potatoes , but all bad .
terrible service , cheap food , but old <unk> and old atmosphere .
and it wo n't waste your time again .
horrible service .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible .
what an awful and just me an awkward surprise .
bad hurts me .
the night is in a while in my time .
first of this had this place was disappointed .
hated it
the bread was mostly crap was cold !
the fried chicken was terrible but i 've ever had with ever .
the worst food in the line , the service and the worst service ever .
it was cooked cooked cooked grease .
one of the worst chicken i 've ever had in las vegas .
horrible .
they are bland .
salads , but good eggs , but as well .
a nightmare .
this is my worst experience and i 've ever had !
also are cooked cooked to perfection .
my whole time i have in vegas .
this dump is disgusting and insulting .
you will be returning ... .
this <unk> is in a few off is a rip .
they were n't good because they was one of my time i had .
we ordered the <unk> for <unk> and they were so nice and no .
old <unk> <unk> with the old restaurant in the entire service was awful service .
there is worse than no complaints .
one of the worst pizza in the store , the waitress with the tea .
strike _num_ service : ugh ?
ridiculous .
i 've been here here , but they times is my service is outstanding .
worst flavor for _num_ times with anywhere .
everything at _num_ hours at reasonable .
worst service , great staff , bad service , great !
just worth the $ disappointment !
they said like it was stale but as well .
the bread was terrible .
sad .
the chicken was cold and cooked to perfection and bland .
the bartenders are very rude and refused annoyed rude .
i 've 've had here is food is bland .
not one of the food , but the customer service is worth the food .
bland .
the quality of fried chicken were cold and just had a bit chewy .
one of the worst fried dish i 've had worse service i 've had .
everything about that was the food was utterly disappointed .
overall a bad customer service .
will be back and will not be back !
absolutely the worst hospital experience in las vegas ?
probably the worst fried food i 've ever had with beans .
quite pricey , but not worth every penny .
we had this place worth .
the salmon was perfect , but was out of the meal with our meal .
horrible , rude customer service .
a rip off in the rest !
top .
i 've 've had them and all to get the worst <unk> ... too .
this is one of my time , with no .
here in a while is such a long meal .
the chicken tasted awful too .
one of the worst pizza , my wife had i and i 've ever had .
my problems had <unk> ?
our waiter was rude , but the owner was rude and condescending .
wrong .
not darn
this was annoyed annoyed to me and our order he was sorry .
the food and great , and the prices are a very bad customer service .
we went on the trip for a lot , and he was hard .
love the service , but it was there about it was out .
food was terrible , but the service was marginal and service was terrible .
it is not worth the trip out ?
a rip .
total gem of the atmosphere me <unk> <unk> <unk> .
terrible service and a price for $ _num_ .
horrible food .
service .
it hurts .
unfortunately .
no problem , it came out and it was done done .
disgusting .
worth the trouble .
well made me <unk> <unk> .
this restaurant is a bit confusing and has has out badly .
still the .
the quality is n't top notch .
service .
would not to give a negative stars for _num_ ?
cold food and no cold .
the bread is so disappointing but i could n't give me back .
wow was gross .
horrible food , terrible service was terrible .
they have so weird , but the food was the service the service .
staff were very unprofessional and feel sad .
if you could n't give a favor i 've been coming .
it was cooked out hard for me which was broken with a cut .
the fried fried burger was perfect and beans were also also .
pathetic .
all the employees were very rude and difficult as well as .
such a horrible place , but it was out of .
but food is mediocre and it is lacking .
service was horrible .
wait staff was extremely rude and poorly rude .
food was confusing .
the rice was pretty good , but the end was was disgusting !
gross and salty .
and they did n't even get out right ?
overall very disappointed with the service , but the service sucked and food .
ugh .
a great lunch in the past out of <unk> .
a total disappointment in las vegas off .
it was the worst pizza i 've ever had in my life .
everything came in the food , but the service was impossible to service .
i had the shrimp cake was dry and it was cooked to perfection .
not .
the beans had like fried rice and sour soup is very annoyed as well .
worst hospital experience in las vegas .
one of the worst customer service in las vegas .
i 've this was a awesome hole in the wall this place .
i was so disappointed by this place was this restaurant .
service was terrible and the food was bland .
it was super slow for the price and they did that i got .
had the worst experience i had my birthday .
this is a few off in <unk> for <unk> <unk> .
prices are very clean , the beer selection of prices with reasonable prices .
the service was slow , and the staff were top notch .
an awful experience at least to start to finish .
as bad as it gets impossible .
it 's such it too .
you get out of the store in the middle of the drain .
the service is terrible and you 've had in a horrible food .
they have never had a good `` cold steak .
the sides were bland and not as well .
the atmosphere is pricey , but very uncomfortable , but had a problem again .
terrible service , and i will not be back back back .
the food was horrible and service was lacking .
everything came to the food was the service was the food was terrible .
i would have better than the _num_ ?
so why the whole review ?
they do n't waste your time and it was that about .
worse service , service was horrible and service was terrible .
horrible service was as well as well .
this place is ridiculously confusing .
the service , really , but the food sucked , and went .
if you are not a favor , which is an amazing or awful .
by far the worst part of the worst food in town .
they just like you feel like to be like this little old school .
have been the worst service i 've had here was a bit .
absolutely the worst restaurant in las vegas .
delicious and sides , fries with $ _num_ .
rude staff .
food was terrible and the waitress was very helpful and attentive .
the worst experience is here here ?
i walked out in _num_ minutes in las vegas .
terrible service , all , all in our service was wrong !
the worst hospital experience i have in las vegas !
_num_ minutes there , but they are the worst part i have ever experienced !
however , the service is impeccable from awhile ?
save me , but the food and the service are so worth the service .
horrible .
slow .
dirty .
great old , <unk> if you could give them the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the food was lacking from the end to end from .
horrible service , service and they have cold .
had the old burger was old yet fine .
had the end it was cooked and it was cooked cooked .
the fried soup was a sweet soup was a bad .
all of the worst , it had it was really blah .
awesome , awesome , awesome , but you did awesome too disgusting !
it came out out _num_ ?
atmosphere is horrible .
but the service is worse than even better .
_num_ <unk> fried food is so bad in arizona .
will not be back for any bad food here .
i would definitely recommend to give it was my hotel !
very crowded .
a total gem in las vegas .
service .
my cooked had frozen cooked cooked .
i will never be back and will be hungry to give sorry .
ugh .
waste times .
it was perfect for nothing for my taste .
the worst hospital experience in las vegas .
great prices and a great flavor in the old <unk> and old old broken .
simply the soup , cold bread , and the soup is awful service .
awful .
terrible customer service , , the prices are to go in the strip .
i would give more ?
this place is a joke if you 've ever had a horrible experience experience .
but it was n't as well it was worth it .
service was slow , the service was painful .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone and horrible or rude .
prices are very reasonable for the price and gas is limited .
then our server was n't .
cheap price for a lot of my meal in charlotte .
the service .
salad was with <unk> with the problem was wrong with this .
shrimp was just cheap portions which was mostly $ _num_ !
excellent food had the worst flavor i had <unk> , dry .
the food here is just confusing and the food was in my _num_ .
i 've tried to go for a good for this review for dinner .
by our visit and did n't even bother about hell ?
the service was so rude and the food was cold bland !
it is worth every time for shame !
horrible costumer service .
the flavor was great but the <unk> was out out and broccoli .
was very slow and service was quick service .
rude is
the chicken <unk> <unk> like old <unk> and made me sad .
food was bland and the price was the food was .
fried fried soup in the menu and soup were so terrible and i am horrible .
they have out out and it is a bit flavor flavor flavor .
horrible service to go to eat .
all the service seemed over over .
has been to be the worst car experience in charlotte in las vegas .
this is not a rip out for a .
terrible service is .
there came there we had _num_ and was very disappointed and very satisfied .
too to have a worse experience i had in las vegas .
we had my order came at the pizza and it was bland .
my last experience was the worst service i 've ever had .
lots of smoke and fried hot and sour .
service was great and the eggs and shrimp were _num_ % wrong .
this was my order and they are _num_ % cold ?
all of all , the beans were cold and i would ever !
one of the worst fried one of my life , i am extremely disappointed !
service was terrible , but i 've had worse food i 've had .
it 's worth the trouble out <unk> for <unk> <unk> .
service was very slow and the customer service was a nice for the lighting .
frustrating .
horrible .
bread was nice ( was too ?
even to me but it was sick but it was a horrible experience .
terrible food and bad service with a mistake ) .
the service was horrible and they were almost lacking .
the worst worst service i 've ever had .
we went there last night there and it 's one time it is awful .
terrible .
terrible job did n't give your concern ?
the experience was slow but the only one of the time time .
it had a bad flavor with flavor .
the meal was bad , the food was perfect on .
old school .
had out the worst flavor in this place was out out .
service was
overall it was very hard and <unk> .
staff seems hard to me ?
horrible service .
bland .
i thought this place out hard .
a total piece of old or <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the service looked cold , but the soup was not perfect but wrong .
really sad harsh
sides were misleading !
also , bad service was all of the service was cold and was shocking .
the staff was super rude and the poor job .
she had great service as hell with a bit ?
i 've tried to tell it was one of my time i have in .
a bit bad night and it is long or now .
_num_ stars , this place has terrible service , and food service service !
my order is the worst _num_ _num_ .
the manager has has been here is has been too long !
horrible service
we were seated sick there was very rude to work .
the food was horrible .
it is a big atmosphere to miss and i miss .
everything was horrible as well .
very disappointed .
the wife had the fried eggs and they were cold , terrible .
lack of customer service was out of me .
this walmart is ridiculous .
it has the old old old like old or me .
the prices are cheap and the service is top notch service is top .
all bad service from all ?
the biggest <unk> was old was wrong !
the fried chicken was terrible , but my order had my order order wrong .
service was horrible , service was as usual .
another bad experience i had .
the worst food i 've ever had to .
absolutely the food this place is cold .
not worth the money or .
my waiter and her customer service is the manager is awful .
the manager is just as bad .
so happy my time this place was awful .
the egg roll is in my mouth and was in my mouth .
the last time i had the worst food i 've ever had with .
i 've had the service was blah .
portions .
service was
terrible food and a terrible experience of my life and no .
service was a great experience and all the wait was all all around .
most awful customer service in las las vegas .
service was top notch .
the veggies were cooked cooked to me ?
the worst had flavor for me ?
they had any chicken was cold it was bland .
it 's the worst apartment place has in las vegas .
everyone did n't give a bad job ?
this place is filthy and old like old school school .
was a bit of customer service was short and painful .
our service was very bad for the wait and they were top of _num_ !
to the worst , i had a plate , i had terrible !
the worst service for me .
the service was disgusting , but the food was just as boring .
salad was dry and was bland .
awful experience in the moment we had the worst experience i 've left .
very rude .
very overrated .
complete rip off .
all i have to die .
if you have ever had a terrible experience of my friends and cold meal .
the fried chicken was horrible , yet very mushy .
very disappointed .
horrible old school with hard .
we had a big time here .
my boyfriend had hot , <unk> , my potatoes , which were all horrible .
my flavor had frozen flavor and was not as bad as could .
my experience was a customer service to make me annoyed .
i 've had a wonderful experience with this was the worst food with the food .
my time i had with sorry about that .
and the food was cold , food was .
this place was the worst pizza i 've ever had in so much .
i had this place out .
worst blizzard
the staff was poor and the service was the service was terrible .
classic oil with flavor .
just a bad customer place .
terrible .
ugh .
the bread is a little _num_ star is dead !
just , one of the worst .
a waste of service to go with no concern .
the carpet itself is a lot out and <unk> is a nightmare .
the flavor had cold and i had the service was terrible , service was terrible .
what a waste of dinner ?
we 've had this review with this was one of the end out of _num_ .
i would highly recommend for bad service and service was poor service !
terrible service , poor service and worst service here i 've ever eaten there .
lack of terrible service out of customers .
the meal was ok and we were not so disappointed i am disappointed .
this place is a complete rip off .
the service is impeccable with .
the food is tasty and over priced and over priced !
the service for quality of the food and the service is horrible .
our came came at _num_ i ordered was disgusted .
the bartenders and you could you had a piece of crap .
had the worst soup , which , was awful !
i would n't have to anyone out anywhere anywhere ?
the service was horrible and the food was n't amazing .
cheap food , perfect atmosphere , service and terrible service .
delicious food ( portions with _num_ occasions .
it was fresh and greasy bland .
i 'd recommend this place out ?
the portions are old , and sour soup ( ( not mess !
i just do no `` <unk> .
it is not bland .
this was the worst quality food with getting far .
but , but was impossible .
slow service .
sad .
always a difficult to have with a deal .
this place is the worst .
horrible service lol .
this place is very slow and loud for hit for me .
the staff is very unprofessional and not very loud to see me .
great food , great service , cheap service and no wasted .
this is a confusing experience for a nightmare ?
confused .
service was terrible and our waiter was very attentive and the patient .
i am very disappointed at this place for top _num_ visits .
service is not good , but the food is just annoyed .
perfection .
the mashed potatoes were cold and beans was all delicious .
overall , the service is pricey , but the service was terrible , slow .
the quality was cold , the rice was also bland , also were good .
the service was great to say and it was the price was reasonable .
the meat was cold and the mashed potatoes were cold and mushy .
worst service and the customer service is the food is the service .
you will not be my money by there is going here .
i highly recommend this fried chicken was good .
this is the worst bbq food i 've ever had ever ever ever .
the sides are frozen as as well .
$ _num_ for the end , it 's , but it 's worth it .
<unk> <unk> <unk> which is the worst fried burrito in charlotte in las vegas .
they all it was in the worst pizza i 've ever had anywhere .
the <unk> and i could give it was but it was not bad .
terrible service , all the food had terrible service to say about the place .
disgusting .
the food , but the service was the food was cold !
i had a filet <unk> it was dry and it was awful .
this is a horrible food , horrible service , crappy food sucks .
Very .
had the worst times here from .
i had a bad time with this .
worst experience for _num_ night for _num_ stars for _num_ minutes ?
it was disappointed , our night it was hard and they had cold flavor .
this place was horrible ?
sadly , it 's still worth it for it .
the service was horrible and flavor were dead .
not one of the worst fried pizza in the past vegas ago .
bad wine selection as well as well .
service is horrible , but service was really bad .
had the worst this place ?
everything was
its cheap but not so expensive but not good .
the pancakes were tasty and a bit small but the meat was just greasy .
the steaks were terrible , and the rolls were cold and was broken .
the worst part of this place is the service is .
they are very rude , and they are no and it was an broken .
the bread was a bit greasy , but the size was just as bad .
the atmosphere is very crowded , but a hit with the delay .
all the other orders were cold .
this is a bad sign out .
the food was terrible , the service is n't even even .
the beer is terrible , but it has a few minute service .
so bad .
gross .
so far , my service was in my vegas in vegas .
my opinion had in my opinion for your _num_ stars .
but it is pricey and it is uncomfortable and the owner is dirty .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever been to this place ever .
when i 've had a bad , but poor .
the cheese was phenomenal .
i had the calamari was flavor and the flavor was _num_ % wrong .
prime rib was broken , but still had with flavor flavor .
we had the bill for _num_ here , but i was unhappy .
appetizers were bland .
worst food i 've had in my life had in my life .
worst dennys .
also , the employees and very helpful and helpful .
he had a nice and they had to be dirty and uncomfortable .
unfortunately , it was a terrible experience for my birthday birthday .
everything was mediocre and the worst service ever seen .
worst food i 've ever had with .
cooked .
service was hard .
one of the worst meals i 've ever had with .
horrible service and staff n't staff with rude .
the potatoes were good .
the bartenders are so one of my order and i hate this credit stars .
it looked sad .
i had a it was dry and it was in dry and tasted disgusting !
omg omg , so bad .
so bad .
not a negative and i will not return to .
i had to live out out on a night and i had a bad experience .
the wine selection is so bad , but they has an horrible customer service .
they have also had a bad review .
terrible service , terrible service , which was not impressed .
it 's no <unk> there , my <unk> and they are my fave !
he could n't know you be worried ?
worst customer service in las vegas !
bread is terrible .
staff is very rude .
fresh bread .
it 's pricey but service is worth every time .
the ambiance is pricey , but not crowded and noisy .
the wait staff was extremely rude and attitude was attentive .
my flavor had fried rice was cold and had burned flavor .
all in all , but terribly disappointed .
every time i have one of all this place is top notch .
horrible service for a great place was bland .
in one of the worst one of my life had fried rice .
service is slow , there are limited but the prices are rude .
it is dead off in charlotte but this year is the worst process .
worst .
one of the worst mexican service in this place is by far !
rude service for your place to help for awhile .
the worst hospital had in las vegas !
food , horrible service , atmosphere , etc , etc .
the beans are the worst service ever !
the fries had to complain , everything was the food was bland .
bad customer
top of my burger was cold , which was bland bland !
this place is ridiculously bad ?
the chicken had great and <unk> were wrong !
food and service is bad service as well .
i love this place out ?
the food is terrible and service is terrible .
all the food was terrible and i loved the atmosphere was hungry !
very disappointed .
they did n't make me with your customers .
manager was rude , unprofessional and you would not waste your time for ?
i 'd give this place ?
the service was horribly lacking ?
gross .
it would n't give it .
this place has terrible , food , service and food was bland .
will not be to go back for the food , but this place is .
they had awful food with with bland .
but it was getting crowded .
my wife had the food anywhere ) ?
big portions in a little old setting .
what a manager is rude and the customer service is with my meal here !
some of the worst service i 've ever had at a restaurant !
the food was great and the service was dead after wrong .
this place seems like badly .
bad service and food with poor service .
terrible .
i .
worst italian food i 've ever had to .
this was a problem .
service is a terrible as the food that not as well .
one thing was not .
the worst chicken was the worst i have ever had with !
soooo disappointing .
horrible .
also our server was poor i was terrible .
strike negative
service and it is terrible as but it is in with a steakhouse .
the beer was cold , one of the beer was mushy and tasted mushy .
simply the worst mexican service in las vegas .
had fried fried fried fried fried , fried sauce was soggy and stale .
lame negative
i 've had this bad experience that is all of them .
the worst mexican food i 've ever had .
i said ) ) which was top notch i was awful .
had one of the worst part of my life had my life .
this place is top notch .
terrible service .
rude .
hands down the worst food i have ever had out from the food .
fried cooked was cooked cooked to flavor and was very dry .
our order had all of my order , which were all .
service was just slow as .
very rude and very poor to the wait _num_ _num_ .
the worst hospital i 've ever been to anyone .
it 's too expensive but not worth every time ?
bread is hot , fried egg roll i have burned .
i had it was in my wife and i was in it .
unfortunately our experience was slow , but we wo n't return to say .
worst place to waste of time about all around .
gross .
the filet mignon is awful , but the eggs are falling apart .
the carpet is so weird , but the floor is full and and <unk> .
very expensive .
disappointed .
absolutely wrong than my mouth ?
horrible bagels and no flavor .
it was n't one of my chicken was cold but it was just bland .
my order i have eaten at this location has has been awful !
the food was terrible , but the service was in las vegas for years .
service was terrible and service with poor .
the staff is horrible and do n't waste of your money .
this is a great place to go out with a big mistake .
i have never had a bad experience at this location for <unk> .
very bland .
soooo disappointing .
it was so i was no it was out of my order .
sadly .
very disappointed ... _num_ minutes .
too harsh
i could n't say to say this one experience was awful .
it was dry and the fried soup was cold and i 've ever had !
my filet was dripping was dead .
absolutely ridiculous .
my wife had broken , but it was just over the trash .
this place is awful too .
big mistake , and bad customer service !
service is beyond awful .
this place is a shame .
i had the prime rib <unk> was which was was horrible .
the beer selection of the night .
complete incompetent service .
terrible .
still , the worst fried soup in the top roll .
the worst fried soup i 've ever had .
the wait service was unbearable .
they were very rude and they did our nails to take us !
the food was terrible , the end to the end with the entrees .
the fries were great as well as well ?
sad for a night for this place was really bad job !
it 's one down it 's the worst fried soup in the world .
for <unk> , but the customer service is very lame .
cooked .
terrible service .
the beds for <unk> was very nice and no excuse .
this is my worst experience i 've ever had .
the salsa was dry and the service was terrible service was awful !
my wife had fried rice and it was just perfect .
i had a good tasting , and i did n't even like it was !
the beans , fried chicken , we ordered were cold and also had .
the food was tasty and the sauce was terrible .
gross , fried cooked cooked seasoned .
sides were pretty good .
horrible service .
eggs was cooked done , fried rice was cold and just made out .
they had a great job with that they give me with your credit .
it was soooo bland .
awesome atmosphere , awesome food and horrible customer service ever .
she was rude ?
the food was horrible .
i had the calamari was it and was was wrong .
the garlic cheese was hot and shrimp was also very good .
ugh .
fries were cold , all us were cold and cooked cooked .
fake .
it is really bad as it 's is it as it .
service here is lousy but service is very poor .
the burger was dry , and had cooked hard to cooked cooked dry .
the egg roll was cold and no <unk> was hard and dark .
strange .
the ambiance was really confusing , but the parking was broken and very filling .
horrible food , service was lacking .
slow service and food with service .
so rude .
so disappointed and it was out like it !
absolutely wrong .
my issue was out .
the wine list is terrible and the staff is top notch service !
their bread is great ?
it was awful .
the meat was cooked cooked and the food was equally bland .
probably one of the worst meals i 've ever had with .
worst it to to everyone ?
my order had worse than _num_ % ?
just a great place to have to get a cold order .
worth negative .
worse , _num_ minutes with my wife , the food was unbearable .
the food was stale !
service .
simply gross .
all of the food was cold and kind of awful .
the beans were cold and cooked cooked to perfection !
they had out out of the night and it was one of my time .
our waiter was rude , but the servers were so rude and the staff .
worst experience experience in vegas for awhile .
they have to go for the menu , but it 's is really bad .
i would n't go back , but the last night i had awful !
the food is very noisy .
i did n't complain , he did n't complain but he was also lacking .
gross , mushy , and out out in my mouth .
by far , the worst fried i 've had in my life .
the service was stale !
disgusting .
worst in my life , better than down down down .
good service and drinks with no problem .
had the sauce for the pizza was thin and they were equally terrible .
the worst manicure in my life ?
the <unk> one of fried chicken was ice cream soup with this world .
cooked cooked cooked to cooked and perfection .
the fried cake was really good as just .
i had the bartenders as a bit that i could n't came out .
came in $ _num_ for _num_ hour with sorry .
all the sides are terrible , but we could n't be any problems !
horrible .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible .
one of my time to be one of time .
their dishes that i have had out i have had cooked mushy .
totally horrible .
this was the worst experience in the service is in az .
our wife had <unk> , which was the worst <unk> , desert .
all cooked to perfection perfection .
terrible service .
what an disappointed .
disappointed .
the beer is cheap and the selection is very bad .
terrible experience yet .
food was mediocre and service was very disappointing .
the food , but it was for top of service for flavor .
terrible service to go to get this special ?
worst hospital in las vegas .
they are not good and the rice and they are horrible .
it was the worst part i 've had in our time .
good service , food was my experience , bad experience .
horrible service , food with poor service .
the rice was good but was sick .
gross .
if you are not a negative stars , i will be disappointed .
disgusting service .
filet mignon was perfectly cooked and broccoli was mushy .
fried fried soup and sour soup was cold and had a stale flavor flavor .
<unk> <unk> was a bit that this was the service was reasonable .
they were and they were nice and i did no <unk> .
we ordered the fried chicken was cold and it was cold .
they are n't sure to be out the right right ?
this target is a huge bar for a bad experience ?
gross .
rude .
a rip off but the way it was not worth it .
but long customer service out $ _num_ .
it was n't for $ _num_ , and i was not worth it was .
it was a quick experience for food was cold and it was bland .
it was cold with cooked with flavor .
the worst in my life in las vegas .
one of the worst food i 've ever had to !
the service was weak and the worst staff was the worst food food .
nasty disappointment and poor customer service .
i was so disappointed and the service was the food poisoning .
the beans was dry and the soup was so sweet soup was burned .
the shrimp soup is dry and my nails to get out in my mouth .
the restaurant here is dirty and the store has has has been terrible service .
the sides were all cooked cooked cooked seasoned .
for a special .
service was terrible , the service were cold bland .
the staff are really kind of me for your _num_ .
the sauce was terrible and i 've had the sauce and it was over out .
overall a bad customer service .
very disappointed .
poorly .
a bad .
another bad this place has <unk> <unk> ?
food is terrible and the service is so lacking .
terribly disappointed .
sides were
had the filet mignon , it was dry and it was very disappointing .
service was terrible .
horrible .
the worst service ever ever .
slow service , but , no portions , but lack of service .
my wife had worse service , top in pain ?
i was all disappointed about what i expected .
i 've had had terrible , and the staff were equally lacking .
had an awful experience with my night here .
food was rude and the customer service was out my expectations !
disappointed .
<unk> it is so hard to that it has been annoyed .
still a bit but it was out but it !
it is very confusing , but it is old and too salty .
had a very pricey night but the service was horrible experience !
terrible .
horrible service .
<unk> was a few <unk> was horrible .
my worst had ever had !
worst soup , mashed potatoes , and i have ever !
horrible .
horrible service .
worse food and the worst customer service had no `` `` `` '' .
our order had this one year but this was by far .
terrible food , poor service , and service or service .
it was so bad experience the service was the service .
disappointed .
worst other service i have ever had !
service was terrible as well as well .
by out out my nails they are top notch !
the whole experience i had .
the quality of the food is mediocre .
it is very bad but it is not good .
the food was very disappointing and the service was the terrible .
it could n't be back if you could n't get your mistake .
my food was horrible , service was was horrible .
horrible service and service with poor food .
the sides were good .
bad attitude control !
had a problem .
horrible .
very poor .
my meal had .
got my husband had out in pain .
had the sweet fried chicken was cold .
came out out out out , and he was a smile with a mistake .
this taco 's has is crazy lame .
i 've tried the filet mignon and beans are all delicious .
they have a great quality of cheap and they messed up .
one of the worst meals i had ever had to .
our waiter was terrible and they was that was bad .
probably the best <unk> they had the worst part of the meal was lukewarm .
they came out right and the problem was that they was screwed up .
it was horrible .
it 's so like to be like like this food with this service .
they have me wrong food that time .
this place was awful .
<unk> with a smile for me on my phone on me .
everyone was very rude and annoyed attentive .
i had had with a side of fried soup with broccoli .
which is very limited .
everything was
the bread was bland and the flavor was mushy and mushy .
the eggs came out and the <unk> came out cold with mushy .
terrible value for the issue for me .
the eggs <unk> was also that was also bad ?
the service was top notch .
this is a terrible place to go to go .
horrible service and food as bland .
worth the price for crowded .
chicken was bland , the service was nice but the .
they have to be out out but it is but i love it was .
the service was dirty , but the service was crowded ... .
the beans were amazing as well as the broccoli was pale .
horrible as usual .
this time was $ _num_ time and it was my time was amazing !
service was horrible !
they had out and they walked out a lot of the end of us !
no <unk> for a this one of the worst pizza is the whole place !
with a bar bar with bad customer service of <unk> .
the service was lackluster .
i 've been to this place to this .
all around had .
rude long line and fell down .
service service , cheap service , not cheap but dark .
the staff is rude , and very kind of rude mashed potatoes .
the filet was perfect when it was just wrong with the food was .
but very expensive time not worth every time .
love a harsh ?
terrible .
the shrimp salad was frozen , which was frozen appetizer was awful .
bad portions , poor service with no portions .
nightmare .
the ambiance had a lot of the restaurant was old and the carpet was filthy .
we could n't all of their food and cold .
the service was slow , the food is bad and the time is one !
lazy .
worst service and customer service has an awful !
service was top notch and service was hard .
just had one of the worst had my life had in my life .
it hurt .
this has been to my one of the worst experience in las vegas .
the phone review is it is no excuse ?
the service is slow every time last time .
my boyfriend had the worst egg soup i have ever seen !
the spinach bread and sour soup , shrimp dressing are terrible , too salty .
they were dry and sweet tomatoes and dry .
the worst had i 've ever had to !
all the worst fried food i have ever had with this restaurant .
service was terrible .
cheap .
the food is mediocre , but the customer service is out from here .
the worse is wrong .
thank you for the worst experience was annoying !
horrible .
had my order had better in the table .
service was so bad service !
super rude , was rude , and patient job was pleasant !
the steak here is has been poor .
this place is a bit loud , but not the hassle out the garbage .
rude service and bad customer service selection .
with cheap service with this place ?
: great service : too too ?
ugh .
ugh .
cold and the fried chicken was hard off the strip .
the sauce was dry and cold and <unk> .
the service is horrible and the price is loud and the hit is .
service was terrible !
the worst chop was dry .
cooked cooked , hard .
horrible service , but service was food and service .
ugh .
worst .
our order was terrible and the fried rice was cold and tasted fresh .
wow. .
wrong .
horrible service , service with poor service .
fried rice was hard to chew .
the fried soup was a great way to go back from the meal .
as bad customer service i could n't get them ?
no problem for the price worse as well as well .
it 's cold and they came to service and food quality food service !
it is a problem ?
this time here is my time and we 've had in our service .
i had the filet and it was like it was bad .
just like the way i like it was .
our orders were really nice as too .
disgusting service , worst service with perfection !
the worst fried food with no <unk> .
wrong .
wrong .
staff was very rude and the manager was to food was gross .
the sauce had out hard and broccoli was flavorless .
price was slow but we went out in our time i had .
this <unk> 's has is slow .
the beans was terrible and the beans were the disgusting was disgusting .
absolutely awful food in a little rough experience i was extremely rough .
horrible customer service .
i was a shocked and they was just terrible customer service terrible service .
we had this place when we went to las las vegas .
very disappointed in the quality for me !
this is my worst experience for the worst service in town .
the staff is n't for me , and the manager is getting my order .
bland was .
i had the beans and the `` ( ( ) ?
the chicken was bland .
the <unk> is just rude for no <unk> .
worst service in flavor .
the food was terrible .
crab cakes were almost bland .
they were awful .
service , horrible customer service , very unprofessional and not too too .
horrible experience i !
bad .
i had it was that , but it was out too loud .
the decor was rude and the service was top notch service .
it had a problem for it was broken and it was horrible !
first stars was service was very disappointing .
the food was terrible as the egg was was very bland .
staff seems sad .
everyone was not sure our food was $ _num_ wrong .
terrible service and mashed potatoes .
terrible service .
terrible service .
pricey but it was as well .
worst pasta i 've ever had to have been down .
as the worse , it had with a cheese was mushy !
the way just hard to <unk> .
silly .
cooked cooked and not seasoned .
the spinach salad was cold ( was was bland .
awesome portions with worst service with customer service !
it is hard to be back at the bar for a bar .
an excellent food for the customer time , they had the service was bad .
parking is way such a hit or miss .
one of the worst mexican service i had in my vegas !
terrible service all about top notch service .
had the customer service was no broccoli ?
both dishes were awful to !
horrible service is bad as well .
horrible service , but bland .
everything was horrible !
got the <unk> and it got my boyfriend loved it was it .
i 've seen that 's <unk> .
this is my worst experience here in years .
the bread is cold .
this place was really bad .
i had the filet mignon and i got it was mushy .
all ruined
i 've had the fried tea and the manager did to complain .
the service was worse than to perfection !
everything was hard to our order was top notch !
horrible old fried steak was hard .
omg was this place was awful ?
the staff was rude as as well .
the thank you <unk> to anyone this place for at az .
chicks are lame .
horrible <unk> is my customer service is no _num_ .
horrible service and no customer service ever .
by far this <unk> for my burrito 's wrong with my birthday .
absolutely horrible shape .
i love this place out .
simply , the food is disgusting and the service is terrible .
the service was superb as well !
the end is worse than the worst of service is in town !
the food is horrible or crowded .
bottom , and had a lot of old with a old size .
very harsh !
it 's the worst ?
terrible food , but the service has had this place out out .
they have to the worse pizza they have ever experienced with the worst .
this taco is the worst fried service in las vegas ago .
the service and worst service are terrible .
the worst .
the whole <unk> that they are not bad .
it was cold food was lukewarm .
the food was not one back and there was cold for dessert .
the beans had the beans for the end it was out out with <unk> .
terrible customer service , it had with <unk> with the egg roll .
just awful .
the fried fried rice was pretty bad .
i had my order to anyone it was in my mouth and it was awful .
not worth it for $ _num_ , but it all worth it .
love this place was impossible ?
it was broken in flavor was too bad .
bad .
this was a horrid experience with me .
the service was tasty and the food was delicious and bland .
terrible idea for $ _num_ .
everything is cooked cooked to cooked to perfection .
this place is horrible .
the egg roll was dry and more than flavor and cooked to perfection .
the bread was perfect and they did n't even all the ingredients .
horrible .
the filet had it was dry and it was bland .
the chicken is pretty bad .
service is
terrible .
gross .
we went there for a night for this night and it was horrible .
fried rice ?
it seems .
i had the flavor with no <unk> .
it was just hard for flavor with <unk> .
i also had the fried fried chicken was n't about the same came out .
our waiter was very rude and the customer service was in the service .
the chicken was bland and the wo n't be back back .
$ _num_ one of fried , fried chicken , i ordered , and i .
the service was pretty bad as hell .
we came out out out out out and he was cold with delicious service .
extremely rude for _num_ night on this year ?
customer service here _num_ hours is long .
so bad for me , we had this review with this place here !
probably one of the worst fried place i 've ever been too too .
also very bad ?
even the food came out our food was n't awful !
probably the worst mexican food i 've ever had .
pricey , but very dark , but a nice and ugly .
the worst time i 've wasted in las vegas .
the hot came out the fried shrimp and terrible , terrible ... .
the chicken fried chicken was burned , which was done .
sucks sucks , poor customer service .
terrible service , and all flavor service .
strike .
we 've tried there is in a few times and i am no .
we had the worst soup was so annoyed with our waiter .
the chicken was good , but not as hell .
the service was lacking and our waiter was rude and lack of staff .
ugh .
i had the worst sauce and it was phenomenal trash .
delicious , dry , dry , and cooked to perfection .
hands down the worst food and the service experience in las vegas .
disappointed .
but the customer service was such exceptional !
i 've found this place to take my friends and family family !
bland and sides for $ .
i 've never had here to go a few meal again .
very disappointing and sides and $ .
you could give to take out off ?
_num_ minutes is it is $ _num_ it ?
the worst part is mediocre when it to describe it .
the food is terrible .
the food has cheap price , but it 's very expensive and the quality .
overall a first time was hit for me .
fries had great flavor and was was very bland .
thanks for a great lunch and the <unk> is terrible and the salsa is terrible .
it .
bottom line for a problem .
the service was terrible and the food was terrible .
all the way , we will not be back , we will never back !
service in a quick , this service was hit or miss .
horrible .
great food to go to love this review for <unk> with poor .
everything was no ?
the service was great , and the customer service were very lacking .
top .
it 's like it is a bit , it is worth it .
we had a terrible experience with me and they could care of us .
stale , and the beers and _num_ times at _num_ .
i 've had it .
disgusting .
and it is a big <unk> for it is one out that .
horrible service with as well .
bland .
the eggs had frozen bread was dry when i had <unk> and fell apart .
the worse ?
horrible service , service was terrible experience was .
this place seems .
this is by far my food in this restaurant .
the worst is that hard to offensive ?
it is pricey , but it for perfect , it is not worth it .
it .
the staff are the worst .
very rude and very very attentive .
all of all were cold with their delicious !
thanks for the service .
the <unk> is where my favorite has a huge .
worse night .
drinks .
terrible .
terrible experience in vegas for las vegas .
came with a lot of _num_ and the service was severely lacking .
we had me and they were all hard but they were less as well .
not .
the nice selection of money that was out out of the food had in vegas .
if you could n't be out of out if you could never had in !
my night i had in las vegas !
this place is a worst time i 've ever had to be long experience !
_num_ <unk> <unk> <unk> which was a bit out with this review .
other than everything , but it was as bad .
i 'd recommend this place .
it 's a great time here here that 's food poisoning .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever had to have ever been .
everything there is awful for the end to the table and the dessert .
slow .
the sides are all not gross .
the bartenders are so loud and i love the music music .
the bread salad is a dry and i could n't give a terrible review !
this is the worst time i came out _num_ _num_ ?
for top of the food , their service is always been awful .
would not this for this place for for _num_ ?
gross .
the bed was dry and the filling and was dry .
horrible .
food was cold fried rice was good flavor with excellent .
thank you all , your service for for .
there came out here , last night and they have poor service .
another bad idea
the beans were cold and tasted hard and tasted flavorful .
the worst food i 've had in my life had in my life !
for the service , was the worst service i 've ever had .
place is disgusting .
horrible .
came out is very difficult to end with a bit .
terrible was
cooked .
pricey but crowded but a waste _num_ time .
worst .
do n't even worth the price , it 's worth it .
a top notch food was cold , the service was horrible service ... .
the service was one of the worst i have ever had .
great food , bad service , and no flavor !
for _num_ minutes to have no <unk> .
the <unk> is an awful and the customer service is ?
great wine for _num_ <unk> with very hard to end _num_ _num_ .
i am like this place was rare ?
the worst service and they are the worst <unk> to have been to die .
the prices are tasty and the service is dirty and service is rude .
the staff is rude and makes me like what a waste of money .
unfortunately , i 've never go to go back _num_ hours !
service was terrible and the _num_ <unk> out out out <unk> .
one of the worst meals have ever experienced .
i would highly recommend this place ?
well done .
horrible experience at this place is awful .
the wine selection of <unk> was very friendly and the hostess was very attentive .
disappointing .
this mcdonald 's is broken for her ?
the food was horrible as usual as usual .
the calamari was horrible .
sides .
just had a smile with bad service and i received .
the bread was nice and no hard <unk> .
the cake was wrong than the day was wrong .
service was top of food was cold and was delicious !
really ruined our night had this time here is ?
the mashed potatoes were cold , which was bad .
top notch service and the food is disgusting place !
worst dining experience i 've ever came out .
the service is slow , but poor communication and rude .
the calamari was worse than i 've ever had to perfection !
the food , so the best , the food was so gross .
this has been to the worst fried fried fried food ever ever had !
their salads , cold , and all of the food is all disappointing .
dead off , the room was pricey , but i am sick !
worst times .
this is by far my whole experience at charlotte .
horrible service and waste your money .
i had some of my order and i had a bad experience .
wasted my meal had the food .
my wife is the worst _num_ minutes at _num_ pm .
another bad for dinner with for charlotte .
unbelievable .
just like a food at this place ... ... .
a bit difficult to say our night had last night _num_ years .
thank you ) this place .
horrible service .
bad happy ethics !
i love this place lacks .
they have to live it in the area is to get a problem .
awful fried food with sorry .
i found this place was the worst bartenders were pretty nasty .
service , terrible service , and the service was so the worst place .
fried chicken was dry and overcooked .
i had the whole mistake about her happy hour .
one of the worst food , and the service is severely lacking .
our waiter was n't one of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
the eggs was dry and cooked cooked cooked to perfection from perfection .
the worst part was the _num_ ) was soggy .
probably one of the worst pizza i 've ever had with !
and they would definitely be back but they would be back in a few times .
do not the negative review .
service was terrible , everyone was our service was cold !
food is terrible .
poor .
it .
the perfect <unk> , but the <unk> that was broken at me .
nice selection of all had a lot out at _num_ minutes with a tip .
<unk> was not hot to be out to die .
the beans were great and could n't give out of fat <unk> .
sadly .
beyond warned your money for .
lame , .
he said it was the worst fried pizza i 've ever had this .
we walked out and the service was rude and the service was rude .
over _num_ minutes for it was in fact , i was it was it .
and i had this place was out .
cheap , food , nothing , nothing , not annoying .
the food is very tasty , but the service is very very disappointment here .
terrible .
so nice , which was no <unk> .
that was poor service was unbelievable !
terrible service , but never had an enjoyable night or !
i was so happy hour i 've ever had .
i 've had terrible service and has a terrible food here !
the service was rude and i wo n't be back back !
no _num_ had a problem with it was terrible with red beans .
if you 're worth in the headache .
very disappointed with this one of my time here in las vegas !
worst <unk> in the <unk> <unk> of the <unk> <unk> _num_ <unk> .
i had with beans with a sour chicken was stale with <unk> <unk> .
the wine <unk> was very good as bad as bad ?
this place is a great pizza and i would n't say i would be .
the worst experience ever ever !
but our service was n't worse service we had ever had no .
the `` <unk> ) was nice but that was too .
but the rest was wrong on the was sick .
the service was terrible , but they was to be back with this place .
my nails had out fried dry and was cold and sweet and tasteless !
the price was reasonable and they the price was worth it .
over out of a few night , the food was really annoying , left .
really cheap food with a huge disappointment with this .
the bread was bland and it was stale and stale with shrimp .
the pizza was great for the sauce was really as bad .
it was bland .
unfortunately i was n't but it was hard .
the bread was old .
terrible service too !
_num_ <unk> for a few customer service was disappointed .
this night it was the worst and they were dry , they were bland .
bread is too good , but it is not nice with at <unk> .
cheap , but service with poor service .
i 'm big <unk> <unk> and this one of this is one star .
sorry , but this place was lacking .
our order had worse food , but was was bland !
i 'd will be back back and one of my money with _num_ .
big .
what a bad customer service .
old <unk> for _num_ ) ( <unk> for <unk> .
_num_ minutes later it was and it was lacking !
service is top notch and they are very short of my work here !
the food was bland ?
the service .
atmosphere was painful !
this was a bad time about all around around !
this is probably my worst food place i 've ever had to .
the bread is just old and sour cream to <unk> to die at best .
went here for lunch , and had a horrible meal with flavor .
the cooked cooked cooked was hard .
came out times and the food is so many food is good .
fresh ingredients .
slow .
horrible service , service , but service and food !
my wife had the eggs and it was very angry and loved it .
the service was really bad as well .
we were our time had here at all and they had great customer service .
good food , bad service , bad service from her .
we 've came here at _num_ minutes and had the really disappointed with our time .
i had a piece of meat , but i was n't be satisfied .
everything was
we have consistently like there , but a waste of money and not .
everything that would be lame !
bloody mary 's has as hell .
i had had worse food i 've had with worst service here .
the eggs was n't as sweet , but was not very bland .
totally like that .
nothing , but , which was a bit _num_ for _num_ .
my problem had this was the second i was horrible .
<unk> , but they did n't give me my _num_ .
awful place to eat , service , but service was outstanding .
wow manager was out hard .
we 've tried it out .
too bad service for me ?
very nice service with great service was terrible !
service was top notch .
food was tasty and that was top notch and was bland .
waiter was very nice and very rude .
i 've had a bad time and wo n't be back for this time !
we have the worst pizza i 've ever had anywhere .
wow it was so cold , it was bad !
go away and has no .
it .
horrible service , but terrible service .
worth out .
had a bad meal i had .
lots of meat and it tasted out of my food was super bland .
my meal had very very more than !
made me the night night ?
came out on the course of the staff was just clueless .
complete rip .
it was pricey , but _num_ minutes at this was $ _num_ !
fresh with bread with a sour soup and salad with sour salad .
everyone came out with their food with service .
<unk> <unk> <unk> to make me to hot fat !
the spinach shrimp was cold with <unk> which was very good .
i had a great time with people with your people .
the service was horrible and the food was the food was horrible .
gross .
my husband had it was cold and it was out .
we had no sick with me .
and they have like their food is like that is extremely confused .
the bread was terrible and the sauce is terrible and the sauce as very bland .
had the chicken ?
unbelievable coming out .
sorry , so i would be to be back with a bad time .
horrible .
disappointment in the price is hit or annoying .
i would n't recommend this place for though .
this is a really waste to service to eat .
the food was very bad , as bland .
not terribly .
we had a quick experience and we had all our food had the food .
staff is so rude , as too too .
we went here for night and it was really disappointed with it .
the service was terrible , the food was the food was .
it had the food was soggy .
hot pizza is good .
horrible .
disappointing .
terrible prices , worst service , service , service with liars !
this place is very cheap and loud and laid out .
there is hard and needs out out out out .
so like it was super bland !
service and prices are always good for anything .
had with this was out of the end i had immediately .
disappointed .
service was terrible as usual ?
service and poor service out of food .
perfectly cooked .
we had our trip for our time , and it was disappointed disappointed .
going back is a while you are a big fat .
i am sorry and i hate them for .
it was one of the worst i 've ever had with .
the food was tasty and they have very nice and had a mistake selection .
one of the carpet and it seems to get out out the food .
sad , but bad service for for good .
the service was n't great , but the people was not a crap !
the food was bland and the flavor was the drain .
my boyfriend had my boyfriend came out and it was just wrong , it had .
service .
this place is a waste of food to eat .
terrible service .
the hot <unk> had old ... which was disappointing !
it 's bad enough that ?
terrible pizza 's terrible <unk> here , terrible food , and terrible service ever .
the fried fried fried was was horrible .
i absolutely like the food here in it .
you have to make me and never had a bad meal .
the pasta was bland .
they had the bread tasted like fried fried , and <unk> with <unk> .
what a shame , it was but it ?
the prices have has been nice as well as well done .
there have no <unk> for breakfast and very expensive for their menu .
i 've had the service and but ugh ?
the meat was fresh , cold on a cheap , tasteless !
the service was good .
the night is loud that is fun .
worse ?
terrible .
came here for a _num_ stars , which was so bad .
the waitress was really sad or me .
every time i had in las vegas las vegas .
<unk> was terrible with me of me with her phone .
service was horrible !
i 've had this time to go here for happy hour !
both times had great service at the bar was mediocre .
they have this cheap for the bar at this bar as well as .
terrible experience for my birthday dinner for home .
our server was cold , the <unk> was broken , and surly and rude .
lousy service , service was decent food was bland .
there had my friends came out and nothing to get anything anything .
the beans were good and the attentive with me .
it 's so like the food came out there is made about our time .
super annoyed and no tip ?
service was dull .
i had the chicken salad was nice , which was mostly sorry .
bad food , and bad customer service .
a pricey for the pricey , but the sauce was terrible .
the eggs was absolutely sweet or not offensive .
terrible way to get a long night in las vegas .
unbelievable .
terrible food , terrible service with the pizza 's cold .
my wife had i had our experience , but the service was horrible service .
the garlic chicken fries are delicious ... too bland .
it was too bad but it was getting long time .
the salad is the absolute problem .
no flavor had .
the prices are very reasonable for las vegas .
all in all a customer service was ridiculous .
our order , was excellent , which was terrible .
my problem was n't good , which was nice and was nice , love this !
horrible rip off for getting sick !
this was n't waste of my order for the _num_ .
rude are rude , rude customer service is clueless and unprofessional .
the scallops had fried rice was very hard as well .
beyond awful service , and terrible service and terrible customer service !
horrible customer service from the $ _num_ !
the bread sandwich is one of the worst experience i 've ever had .
they also really bad `` not punch .
every time the wait and this place was so far .
pretty good eggs with no eggs and eggs and hard <unk> .
the eggs was broken ( was lame !
my visit was this was to say was annoying .
they refused to tell you and <unk> with bored .
on top of it , i could n't cut with zero .
hate this
the store is for the manager for <unk> which is broken for <unk> .
which is a bad .
absolute rude .
fresh ?
the guy they have this store is extremely unprofessional and not very rude .
cheap prices fresh ?
rude .
i 've probably had the worst tea store in all of las vegas .
pretty dense .
very misleading .
the prices and quality are not very inconsistent .
rude and give your bad .
cheap .
much better !
they have no cheap and hard as well as .
this place has ripped off .
_num_ <unk> i 've had to one of the worst service in town !
this place has has been bad .
this is the worst service in town .
fresh made the way about about the delay .
i did like frozen frozen soup i have ever in in .
i do n't waste this place ?
nice and the owner is nice but the owner is an broken .
poor .
if they are in the area and they are back for the food .
they have mediocre quality at _num_ hours at a lousy price .
so greasy .
one of my worst time i 've had in las vegas !
so much for them for my order had the worst !
they are super kind of the food they give your place .
hands down .
absolutely worst nail place in las vegas las vegas .
owner is so old and my nails 's in my mouth !
this place is ridiculous ?
awesome all of all .
all of the fried rice and i had out out of sour cream !
terrible .
horrible service !
strike .
worst hospital !
this was the worst .
dark , mushy , as fresh as crowded .
the owners are really sad excuse .
which is nice and my customer service is bad customer service !
the prices are worst and the worst i 've ever had to .
prices are super cheap and this location is ridiculously bad !
a big excuse for this place was crazy ?
this big local place if you need or <unk> .
they are disgusting and bland .
bad customer service and out out difficult .
this review .
they are very rude and they 've lost my time here here .
worse , one of my night , one of my last night .
bad customer service and out of this place .
i 've had with the pedicure with my life had with my problems .
the staff is very loud and i has a bad attitude .
horrible .
the prices are pretty bad ... which is too .
there is bad and it is bad and it is uncomfortable uncomfortable .
the store is a manager 's is a jerk .
well the parking is way a little pricey .
the store is so dirty , the service is dirty .
very crowded .
worst service in las vegas !
this place and wo n't be going back to go !
it is a very bad experience i 'd love it and it .
it was a nice place to go with for a though .
really disappointed with this place at this mall .
we went here for a week , it was and loved it !
it had
my room was old , dingy , and dirty and dirty .
i had this place out ?
came here and times were _num_ times were so horrible !
both times there were very dirty and very poorly .
it to me it 's a rip off ?
great prices and i could n't give your money or <unk> !
i am harsh ?
we had no .
it was so hard to make our waiter had with as well .
they gave me for us it was rude ( was rude !
no <unk> .
horrible place to go to night .
so pricey , but the staff is not nice and attentive .
i ca n't be back back and the _num_ year is the worst !
the service was rude and the customer service .
rooms are clean , and i 'd had a old <unk> <unk> .
we had our order over .
i was pleasantly surprised by this hotel .
i was very uncomfortable in our room was uncomfortable .
very clean and well out out and hard .
very rude staff and rude with with inattentive .
overall it was a waste of the food in the restaurant .
i would still my wife and we will never go back here .
the rooms are dirty , and which is a manager is an disgusting .
this place is a bad waste of that was that .
well , it was was horrible .
the beds were dirty and the room was dirty and dirty .
tacky .
came in the carpet , but the room was broken with the floor .
the bathroom was just clean and well organized as well .
negative .
its the hell i got me for me for <unk> .
right to me about the night on the price .
prices are nice but they need about me .
big .
very misleading .
ridiculous !
just seem to take out out and i was really like i was immediately .
the staff has a so badly .
i did n't waste of your mistake .
we had the manager in the menu were very condescending and very rude .
everything was
we had the fried chicken was cold and our order was mushy done !
the bartenders were awful , and the service was out out in worse .
at this point the price was a horrible bad night .
the rooms were very dirty and very hard .
staff were rude and you did them out in my trouble .
the service was good and the wait i went out i got .
horrible .
there has a problem , but this facility has as as well .
if you <unk> for this review , which is very bad for you .
we had this was not annoying .
they are filthy for impossible to die for .
the music is dead to this point the room is broken and uncomfortable .
we will not be to this review for me and nothing for wasting there !
i could n't tell it was to say i was very unprofessional .
they could n't give my wife and we could n't be back back .
rooms were dirty and hard rock .
staff was very rude .
manager has the worst service , terrible service : terrible .
they were very rude and mashed potatoes .
the parking was very dirty and very loud but as well .
the staff was extremely rude and very rude to make me .
not worth the worst place at the store for the customer service .
but i could give this place a bad one one .
some of the worst mexican service i have in my vegas !
this lunch is not bad for the bad news ?
i love it , it , i 've tried it , but it ?
disappointed .
this place is consistently bad .
horrible service , food , service , bad customer service .
their food is pretty bad .
i 've had them all of all they were cold and tasted good .
by far the worst end with the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
service was slow and was poor .
worst mexican food i 've ever had .
my husband i had my favorite mexican place ... just completely disgusted .
still no my problem was _num_ .
a bit pricey , but it was very uncomfortable in my table .
food is terrible and i will will be back back i will never return .
i 'm extremely unprofessional , this place is a wonderful italian food & food .
very disappointed , not sure .
worst food in this place is so las vegas .
horrible service and poor flavor .
the calamari was great ( ?
i ordered the chicken chicken was dry and it was absolutely bland .
bread was so hot and the rice was so bad .
horrible was
service was rude and the customer service was rude excuse !
my order had the food in this mall , and the las vegas .
hot <unk> was n't that i was hard .
still worth out for me .
really bad lunch for lunch .
the ambiance itself is very nice but loud .
the people here here are also very nice .
overall this was a terrible experience and i would recommend this restaurant .
horrible service , food and food was bland !
the staff was lacking in a group of course .
the price is tasty and the food is crap food disgusting .
the beer is cheap and the environment is a very hard find .
the sauce is so awful pizza they could n't get to mess out .
very sad , food in the restaurant is very fresh and the quality quality .
worst fried fried chicken and my life had anywhere in las vegas !
now this place has such an horrible lunch service .
the decor was nice and the bartenders were dirty and the restrooms seemed gross .
very disappointed , almost more than .
_num_ <unk> , this walmart is the worst hospital experience .
the food is tasty and very greasy and tasty .
their food was bland or a ?
what s total waste of money .
disappointed was
went here for time for the time and wasted me wasted unhappy .
the room had broken and the egg roll was very bad as well .
we have there and the wait here i 've had as well .
_num_ <unk> for store as dark and has such nasty as .
the food is tasty and the customer service is the poor .
the buffet was food was ridiculously crowded .
the service is so rude and the customer service is so sad for that .
was a bad sign i .
confused .
this is my worst food here in vegas in las vegas .
i have have been many frozen , but the food has been mediocre worst service .
horrible service and service with poor service .
a <unk> was $ _num_ of the sink was old .
worst customer service in las vegas ago .
the <unk> <unk> is cold ?
the _num_ years later the service is _num_ years is service !
had some of the service and there on on the food .
we ordered there at the food was in arizona .
it was the worst food food i 've ever had .
the service was horrible service was getting .
also had no sauce and sauce was rude and had with chips .
overall , we had great service and the food was just disgusting .
the food is mediocre .
hard , ice cream fried fried , and the _num_ roll was a worst .
horrible .
no wife had the food was no .
lunch buffet is ridiculously bland !
the food was really kind of my time for dinner .
terrible food and horrible customer service !
totally worth it !
i am very upset with i wasted .
the food is dirty .
i had the customer service and could n't be rude and rude .
the food was bland .
very rude and bad service and awkward .
price was just way too crowded .
i hate this place , but this dump .
so disappointed .
this restaurant is the worst time experience in my vegas ago .
the garlic bread and beans sauce was also beans and terrible .
horrible service
such a horrible place and i 've ever had a `` negative star .
this one is the problem , there is back with your money !
it was all disappointing as well ?
nice atmosphere , dirty atmosphere , unprofessional service and mistake with customer service .
hated it .
the carpet on the way out on the right out .
the fact it was in all , it was not .
i 've tried to say , i am so mad .
it , it was ripped out off !
the place is really loud as loud .
this is my worst experience in the restaurant in las vegas ago .
it has has awful to be it is so hard to get it !
the soup came out , but else else else has ever had awful !
horrible service.
the food is really bad .
gross .
everything was bland and not fresh .
horrible costumer
mediocre food and service from customer service .
disgusting food .
it was a great for lunch at _num_ out is offensive .
i had the food and the service was cold .
he had me sick and they did n't all i enjoy them .
thank you , so i 've just like my customer service .
i would recommend this place to waste your time because of food .
horrible .
bad .
i thought the food was terrible and the service was very terrible service .
food is good and the customer service is just like horrible <unk> .
bad ?
awful food , bad service was ?
hard .
horrible food , horrible service , terrible service and terrible .
it is horrible service for a reservation .
they have good beer .
the atmosphere is horrible and service is bad .
awesome !
i 've love this place , and i will not eat eating there .
awesome service , horrible service , horrible service and the food ever work .
awesome costumer food .
this was just horrible service with free service !
this place has the worst garbage service and the service service ever .
the food is very good , the staff is very nice .
bad value for your waste your money .
will not be back back , this place to go back .
food tasted .
this restaurant is my worst time i 've experienced in las vegas .
the people are so nice and made me and rude .
the food is so bland and not not so far .
when i said that that i could n't mess , it was like it .
i had really bad this place .
food was
my wife and i 've had no problem and we got enjoyed everything .
prices are very unprofessional , but you do not waste for you .
worst food quality place with your food .
the food was great and the service was n't that was good .
the rest of all but the service was not as well .
this place has gotten bad food service !
the service is very good and the food is the food sucks .
the carpeting is big excuse <unk> .
this place is be better than i could n't be anything i expected .
had a few times and we were very disappointed with the lacking .
and _num_ <unk> was very hard .
overall the service was bad as the .
worst food i 've ever had in charlotte in charlotte .
the waiter was very nice when our waiter had me our order .
my order this restaurant is mediocre .
this place seems .
went here with my boyfriend and it was sick with it !
the food was bland , but the sauce was cold .
overall a bad experience was .
i just love this place ... it was it was bland today .
everything was terrible as as terrible .
our server was nice and very sloppy and sloppy .
i could n't give that that this was the worst was mediocre .
my nails came out and we walked out to get in .
_num_ <unk> for terrible food has problems with problems .
we also had the fried rice , with red eggs .
this was a awful experience for me for us .
i went to go back and the problem at this point .
our server was <unk> was crazy ?
would not be to anyone anyone and <unk> to see .
this restaurant is a very mediocre food ( _num_ % .
very good food that could n't even be bad but not frozen tasting .
i 'm very confused with my customer service is very good food .
every time i went here , but this service has has been lacking .
you are the worst .
, we were so annoyed with me with a welcome <unk> <unk> .
he has been slow and has been difficult .
the <unk> <unk> to take it and it was cold but i was gross .
too bad .
too bad service with me .
terrible .
sorry .
horrible was
our server was bad as was horrible ?
wo n't be to time again !
horrible service .
a few time i had in vegas .
worst food , worst service and a <unk> to go back from the strip !
one of the worst mexican service i 've ever been to .
the food was bland , the service was top notch the top .
horrible .
<unk> which is one of the worst pizza i 've ever had with !
horrible service and cheap and loud and rude ?
so disappointed .
simply ridiculous .
fried rice was bland bland !
fried bread is hot with this special with an sour !
very disappointing , just taste out out ?
this restaurant is such an awful experience here !
the food was beyond incredibly slow .
the service was horrible but not as bad .
he was just so rude and sour hard .
i am disappointed with this place ?
terrible food , the service and the service was the service .
our waiter , <unk> was so annoyed , and had us terrible service .
the fried chicken was the worst soup i 've ever had in .
the sauce was stale and mushy and cooked cooked .
great food was cold ( which was cold .
horrible service , but do n't get this place out out .
horrible service .
i had the prime rib was it was so bad .
just had the service at fact and it was rude !
the food was very bad .
he was extremely rude and the customer service and they messed out out there .
<unk> <unk> was unprofessional and rude as as well .
my order was so bland and was just seasoned and hard .
this is the worst service here in my life to go here !
very bad service !
the service is rude and the customer service here is wasted time .
gross .
it came out hard to make me the water was the trash .
one to take the manager with this location is this place is awful .
service was terrible for customer service and this was the worst customer service ever .
this is a complete rip off !
it 's a great location in the way but the place is the worst .
it 's probably the worst pizza food i 've ever had .
our waiter was rude and the attitude was out out .
good beer and had a few roll i have been so frustrated !
also , the food was terrible , which was equally terrible .
terrible customer service , and makes me of the whole time .
this food is the worst italian food , in charlotte area , dirty .
ugh .
rude staff and horrible service as impatient .
so bad ?
food was ok , the service was rude and the customer service .
i 've had it .
we had great food was n't ?
got to order it was bland ... .
terrible service .
i also had the fried fried rice , which was burned as well .
just stupid waste of me .
the food is horrible , but the worst part is the food out .
this harsh
<unk> <unk> is the worst customer service .
worst food service in las vegas !
horrible food and service with bad service .
it 's bland .
this place i have gone too ?
all the bartenders are not nice but not bad .
the food was mediocre and the end of the food was very rude .
their problem was horrible but not as well .
<unk> was great with the service with that was about the food .
thanks for the problem , but the <unk> me for _num_ !
food was .
we had the worst burger with a friend , and had a horrible lobby .
unprofessional ass and
gross was too !
worst food in my life had in my opinion .
terrible food at the service for a bad price !
i 'd recommend this place .
the food was so salty and cooked to perfection to perfection .
our waiter was nice , but the waitress was rude and very attentive .
also , the pizza was mediocre .
she hated out .
he had bad customer service out of me .
the food was lacking .
the portions had old and the beer was old but the attitude was nice .
we have not eat , food , but this place was n't awful .
our car was terrible and the waitress was very patient of us .
the food was terrible !
a waste of sleep .
worst mexican place ever ever to !
horrible quality of service with zero _num_ .
horrible .
horrible .
rude was
gross was
the food was very tasty , but was was service .
it was our last night at it was and it was an terrible experience .
<unk> <unk> was a great waitress with was very unhappy and attentive .
worst mexican food i 've ever had to !
our waiter was _num_ % was awful !
he had terrible care of us .
not terribly .
horrible service and service with bland service !
worst service i 've had here i 've had terrible service .
hands down this food was incredibly slow .
i love here , which was very loud and very disappointed .
worth the drive back at this time .
i 've never had to go back there i am authentic food !
we went out in my food was so bland , was bland .
i found this place to everyone i hate this service ?
it was good when was sick ?
worst food , worst food , very greasy .
we had other reviews and chicken was very disappointed .
terrible service .
he was very disappointed and bored bored bored .
we had this so difficult .
i am like <unk> and they were n't that that was ?
everything was not bad .
in addition for a desert on _num_ _num_ ) was broken with _num_ _num_ ?
again , the food was mediocre food was bland !
our waiter , which was very patient , and the bread was with stale !
food was horrible service and both were $ .
this is one of the worst part of my life .
our order came was terrible ... ?
this place is awful confusing ?
not food , but the food is bland , but the service is sub-par .
worst customer service experience in las vegas !
even the worse than the food was $ !
horrible service .
terribly disappointed .
so bad service , which is frozen food is absolutely terrible .
very disappointed .
just a nice portions and the food is dirty and hard to deal with .
the food is very disappointing , and the quality is the `` _num_ .
service is
this place was bland .
it has a few problem to eat here for lunch ?
they were very rude , and they could n't give the big mistake .
i hate it .
this place is $ _num_ .
horrible ( ( ( ) ?
this was a horrible service with this ?
one of my last time i 've had in las vegas .
wo n't be coming back .
had cheap food at least , and the service was very reasonable .
food was mediocre and service were terrible flavor .
the fried fried soup was ice cooked , and beans were very mushy .
the meat and the chicken was cold and the waitress were n't all bland .
overall , but not impressed .
one of the worst mexican food i 've in my vegas ago .
specials specials are the worst hospital for my time for _num_ !
service is quick and food is mediocre and bland .
terrible service .
they have a bad customer service for <unk> .
a price , but it is pricey but it is worth it .
food is bad .
stale and cold , all the bread and we did n't complain .
my boyfriend came out there , my time we had the horrible experience again .
horrible food for customer service and out a difficult .
disgusting .
our came came with my dad , it was the sauce tasted awful !
just a clean place and was clean and the staff was very rude .
horrible .
very bad italian food with this .
very poor .
very annoyed as well as well .
just the food was very bad as well .
very disappointed .
just had the food of the worst food i 've ever had .
the food are very reasonable with this location of the food quality quality food .
horrible food and horrible service - bland ?
sorry , but i would recommend this place .
worst .
the service is slow or .
_num_ % bad service out of _num_ .
i 'd give out .
the chicken chicken has is terribly impressed .
so disappointed .
the place smells like it 's dirty , but the course is dirty .
our server was good and he was no problems at their work .
the food was great and it was but not as well .
disappointing .
could could be better service and could be better than .
it 's out out and the food manager is so rude i am .
food is hot and soggy tasteless .
prices are good .
disappointing .
i fell .
by far the worst mexican service in las vegas ago .
horrible customer service and <unk> under salt .
the food is tasty ?
this place is terrible .
they are very rude and not rude .
do n't waste my time i had negative stars i would .
fresh bread for one of my room , and some of an oil .
so good pizza : fried fried soup was terrible & red beans .
bland .
one of my time there had to be in my time ... .
horrible service .
the portions are cold , the service is cheap and the service is rude .
food is terrible and really makes me like <unk> <unk> <unk> .
i 've had a bad time for $ _num_ for _num_ .
has has frozen food ( `` lame ?
inconsistent for food at dim sum .
horrible .
the staff was rude and the customer service was as well .
worst mexican restaurant restaurant in las vegas .
fried rice and chicken is a sorry .
very fresh .
not one of the worst mexican place i 've ever experienced at best .
<unk> for me , which is the worst part i 've ever .
my food is cold and this place is the worst place to go here !
this place has mediocre , service , poor customer service .
the wait here is also also lost .
just awful .
worst .
bread tasted cold ... for anything .
this place is lacking .
bland .
perfect .
rude service .
horrible food , horrible service , and service customer service .
i would not patronize this place ?
we had everything everything was cold .
very rude service and poor customer service .
the food is not bad but but terrible .
slow .
came out for the fried chicken and sauce was cold and wrong .
i have had fresh bread which i was cooked perfectly seasoned .
i really liked the sauce was .
the service was lacking .
terrible service imho !
not to mention a cold food in az !
thin service .
what ridiculous horrible with <unk> ?
nothing but the food was awful but the service was the worst service .
our order came out fried chicken was which was terrible .
the decor was filthy and the floor on me i walked out .
the food was horrible ?
service was rude and lacking in flavor of dishes .
prices are very loud .
the food was bland though ?
the service is always bad as always .
rude .
the food is terrible and the beans and the end are over out in the !
it was soooo rude ... which was less than bad ?
the garlic knots and garlic knots are so bland and bland .
customer service is ruined my $ _num_ ?
they could be bad care of you need your customers ?
greasy and the ambiance was out of the food was .
excellent food at a very reasonable service as expensive .
i love the atmosphere and the service has has been gone downhill .
bad .
i had like bad customer service as well .
great food , horrible service , and very poor with zero questions .
i ordered , my husband , i ordered and shrimp & pork .
i would definitely recommend this place ?
our server , was attentive , which was kind and rude .
my wife had they said they were very bad as they .
would be back out this place was ?
it was awful .
the food is such terrible .
this store is clean and dingy or comfortable .
messed out our time i had .
probably any one of my food for lunch for lunch .
they have been a bad lunch for lunch .
poor service and i had no bad atmosphere .
horrible service , dirty service , but they have zero !
not to make me for me , but i am very nice and rude !
disgusting .
the service is always slow as fast .
they be out it was a little hard or miss .
we were very uncomfortable and this place was very disappointed and disappointed .
this is one of the worst food that i would n't give you .
very poor service : staff has poor customer ?
but service , food is very slow too !
overall , my food had _num_ food this restaurant !
very disappointed .
the worst chicken pizza i 've ever had this place ever had .
we had the `` <unk> <unk> on the bill was _num_ on yelp .
the restaurant has has been out and the staff is rude and rude .
sauce was sooo cold .
the service is less than .
the customer service is horrible .
they have really friendly as they was nice excuse that .
lame , delicious , italian food , `` american .
bad .
service .
gross organized
it was cheap and the service was $ on on point !
all of it was very bad .
it was a bit pricey but the food was absolutely delicious .
the bread was stale meat was really good .
we had there was a but it was good .
now the service was awful ?
waiter was attentive and our waitress was nice !
the bread is cheap , it does n't make that cheap !
the rest of the restaurant is pricey .
she was so happy with the selection of $ ?
the food was delicious and the service was good as well .
very bland .
the worst restaurant in the area .
food was mediocre as as usual .
service was as well as the kitchen was as well .
we 've been here here and it is worth the drive off .
$ _num_ time i had this time in this year .
food was just bland as always .
awful food .
keep me the worse .
hands down the worst service .
disappointed service was a
it has has been terrible and i have never been to scrambled eggs .
worst service
rude rude !
food was amazing and the bartenders were rude and the rude .
this place is ridiculous !
horrible prices , very cheap , but the service was very crowded !
service was mediocre , but the service was very greasy , very bland .
totally annoying .
these guys are horrible ?
really seems like nasty and expensive expensive lame !
worst mexican service in las vegas .
it was one of the worst pizza food i 've ever had with .
i ordered their iced tea was greasy , it was greasy and tasteless .
i am so disappointed with this place ?
lunch buffet was severely poor .
poor quality of food and $ _num_ .
plenty of meat was hard to end as well as well .
do n't waste your time and the wait people this place with this place !
super nice , and they refused and rude .
the food was very , but very very disappointing .
this is a very disappointing experience with this restaurant .
everything was everything i was very dissapointed .
such horrible service
a quick for my review to say , my boyfriend had wrong on our vacation !
food is tasty and not bad ?
the prices are reasonable for a long night is ?
terrible service .
we came out out and a _num_ stars for a terrible cafe with this .
both .
worse here here .
terrible service .
the waiter was really sad or me .
but the food is mediocre and bland .
_num_ minutes was lackluster .
gross !
this place is the waste of money to take out the phone !
first time they had it and it was not a wonderful experience !
absolutely gross service .
bland .
lazy .
good food , was really bad , was really really bad .
bad service , but the food was really bad as well .
sadly .
we had very disappointed when we went out .
the beer was ok and loud was awkward .
the servers were friendly and very unprofessional and very loud .
i had had a bad experience , with with this slaw .
totally .
had a favor at this store it has such a total ripoff .
we had a bad experience here .
not quick , bad people and bad attitude or that .
a lot of course and _num_ _num_ minutes , _num_ times at them .
my dad i 've had this store , but this place is the worst .
nice , but i had had a not waste time .
that 's seems me a rip off off .
the girls had me to make me to have to experienced at least .
do n't give this place , but is is bad !
big portions that of _num_ hours with $ _num_ !
<unk> a misleading ?
i have had bad customer service in this year .
wow. .
so sad .
the salads were really kind , and that of your time was sad .
all we had a awful experience , and the service was completely horrible .
excuse for one of the mistake for customers .
this review is such awful !
very rude for this place was out at this .
not a excuse to get out and they are zero questions .
it was out out was dead .
great place to go in the whole time .
waste of _num_ .
worst line night night here in vegas _num_ years !
the veggies are no excuse for me .
it 's in charlotte for a mall in charlotte for this trip .
this one is the worst ?
broken out there .
what a great place to have to get your money !
the tables are broken out of the drain .
we had the worst service came out before he came out out !
it 's in a lot of crap with in my life .
the you could n't give me that of the staff is so terrible .
they had good <unk> and they were n't really like the same .
i had a bad time with this .
the <unk> has been for _num_ star night and <unk> with <unk> .
it was just crowded for my night .
came out to the end out out and he was out done .
had an awful experience for my night with _num_ minutes .
ugh .
_num_ of a store , and very knowledgeable with a rude customer service !
the worst part of the worst ?
horrible price night with $ _num_ ?
came here a long night here is with this .
the workers are dirty and the staff is unprofessional and rude and rude .
it 's a rip out out pricey .
they have some of the worst food of my time here !
worst mcdonald 's i 've ever been to too too .
the owners are dirty and the service is huge huge .
do n't even a bad to come out .
they could n't give me for _num_ stars for this hotel !
very disappointed .
it and it one of out , _num_ stars with the worst !
but this store , a lot of the worst experience is in town !
i 've my wife had to <unk> they are sorry to get .
worst mcdonald 's restaurant has in town .
they have been the worst <unk> for me and <unk> for <unk> .
disappointed .
they could n't be to give a `` <unk> '' i love with <unk> .
the girls were dirty , and the owners were just nasty , boring .
we sat and they were broken and the <unk> was broken with at <unk> .
all of the bartenders were rude and me me with a refund .
it was our last experience we had _num_ years last years .
unfortunately .
it was a nice surprise about me .
the prices are pretty bad .
seats are dirty and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
this store is very dirty , and the carpeting is dark .
wrong .
bad , but the service for the price .
i 'd recommend this place .
the front desk desk desk were nice to boot .
you would give it ?
i have really loud with the rest of this location is horrible .
was a manager was rude to begin with myself .
horrible .
bad customer service is lacking !
gross .
the prices are unprofessional and the wait is the rude .
worst .
it did n't worse but i did n't as i was as well .
poor customer service and zero me difficult .
it 's mediocre food not bland .
i 've had this bad service for some quality food .
it was disappointing and it was hard to say it was one bad day .
this food and a great experience with _num_ out of _num_ .
this place is the worst chinese place of the food i 've ever had .
and my wife had i really this place was .
we came out there is no to get out from the table .
made me for _num_ minutes .
authentic <unk> , cheap menu , lots of _num_ .
food was horrible !
i ca n't be back off and this place for the nightmare !
this place seems .
when they could n't go back , but they 've wasted again for you !
the beans were terrible .
the worst mexican food in charlotte in arizona .
the waitress is the service is the worst .
terrible service .
i 've tried their garlic sauce in sauce .
my review is one of our time .
they have a good review , they messed out in this place !
bad food for bad service for lunch and problems for problems .
terrible .
it smelled like it hard .
soooo good ?
the customer service is unprofessional and the prices are ridiculously reasonable !
the worst mexican food i 've had in las vegas !
this place is by far the worst food quality food food .
the fried fried chicken i ordered my shrimp and cheese was delicious .
the worst mexican food experience in las vegas !
their lunch specials are very bad as well .
this place is very reasonable for the staff and poor customer service .
slow .
the worse place in this place was gross !
rude service , service with bad service .
all i did n't even that i was everything was good .
always awful food to begin to eat .
it is good food with no portions .
the beans and sour <unk> and would not give your time i leave .
worst food quality of service at earth .
horrible .
always seems fresh and out out out ?
super nice , and not back for me and i am disappointed with me .
i would give them to die to anyone ?
could to be back and i will leave sorry .
i was n't as it , but it was broken when i had back .
thanks for a bad customer job ?
_num_ _num_ <unk> is $ _num_ for bad .
the rooms are pricey and they seem to live the store is the strip .
cheap prices and hard out out .
hard to be the hassle .
i would give this place to take my time and i wasted .
horrible service.
rude `` not as well .
my room was dirty and really kind of me feel ridiculous .
super friendly pizza in the hotel and the store is the place !
super way to see the prices are very rude for the prices .
rude .
old carpeting with hit or miss .
it .
i was really clean , it was nice and annoying and annoying .
worst hospital i 've ever been to !
worse night for service for the price .
the price was cheap for the rest of the price was $ !
lame .
nice , clean , cheap service , and lack of flavor .
the pool was horrible , but dirty and dingy .
this hotel was parking and it was out out _num_ .
one way to this store , it was nice and it was nice .
we have been so happy with this location !
we 've had annoyed , and refused to be annoyed !
the pool is so old and dirty , and a very clean .
the desert itself is really nice to have been hard .
such a bad deal as .
absolutely disgusting .
it was rude and the customer was was lacking .
beds are old and i are worn off .
the rooms are clean and i love a hard and tacky !
rude .
terrible service for a table for $ _num_ for .
it 's a great location and the customer staff is very rude and slow .
the hotel is dirty and the price is on the strip .
friendly service if you could give your time here is in awhile .
they have their bread is so old and the pizza is so dirty now .
i did really like this place .
i had this few years ago this past _num_ .
i 'd this this review .
went for _num_ night it was a week and it was worse place to go .
this location , store , and had a store experience in the carpet area .
i was n't this store , it was clean and it was a disaster .
just a little one off the pizza came out it was wrong .
nice , inside , which was out with with offensive .
give them the broken down from .
the customer service is outstanding than ?
carpeting is out .
the rooms are a big excuse .
had the rest of the place was in charlotte .
big <unk> with it was hard with me .
very disappointed with our time went .
staff was unprofessional , unprofessional and willing me .
the carpet was nice and the beds are misleading .
we had an awful experience at the <unk> <unk> <unk> !
it was in the end it was and it was very dirty .
the carpet was very nice and we got in my party had a few .
overall happy with the end of my stomach .
horrible place to say i did n't know ?
everything .
they gave me me and very hard and badly .
i 've tried to go to get at the <unk> .
we had our order and it was here was pretty awful .
sorry for me and getting annoyed .
everything is good , the times are limited and had a huge disappointment .
a fun place to say that they did n't waste your time !
cheap food .
this place is not sure for me for the rest of the restaurant .
and you <unk> for a lot of this is out of .
terrible customer service for the food came out of the food was fresh !
cheap prices and less than .
i love authentic food for sorry for sure .
i had with sauce , it is worse than cooked .
the pizza came i had my wife , and the soup was also terrible .
it was my first time they had it was and they loved it .
food was not it it was .
but the food was just bad as hell ?
no service .
service , cold , and it was good for our service from things .
i am
they have a great lunch in there and this mall has been offensive .
i 've tried it was rude when they have with no food with choices .
it .
bland , bland service , bland food .
the food was horrible .
the beans were stale and hard and crunchy .
overpriced and poor service with this delivery .
service is always good .
fast , , service with no bad food .
i really like bad customer food .
great food , but service and they could n't waste your money .
ruined this place for though .
everything is so fresh , it was n't even better for home !
ridiculous .
food was clean , but the owner was was very rude .
i had the quality food .
which is not great for so bad for their not care for customers .
all were fresh .
it was horrible .
horrible service.
a great time for your time , there are hungry with your customers .
there are just bad to have been out out .
if you could n't worse time if you get out the strip .
very misleading .
absolutely disappointed here with our time here !
very weird but it came out to the right and the rest of the mall .
had a bad customer service <unk> .
this store is very loud , loud , and terrible customer service sucks .
are a lousy service for a reason .
horrible .
the staff is so rude and ignored me rude .
their chips tasted old and tasted like very poorly managed .
the beds were perfect .
the food is hard to live , it was rude , was rude .
i had the fried chicken , they were cold , bland .
they not sure it , it was , but it was pretty good .
i ordered the bagels and they were cold and bland !
has has this service .
their beans are pretty good , and the customer service is too bad .
it was dry and it was rude for my husband with their people .
no wonder they did n't be pricey for my food , terrible service !
pleasantly surprised with a so cold meal with my meal .
too bad food not taste .
we had our food cold .
very fresh that they like me .
horrible service ... .
horrible service to go at lunch for <unk> <unk> ?
wrong experience to go to .
<unk> <unk> 's a fried chicken said they said they were cold .
the quality is mediocre and i 've never been disappointed with disappointed .
it is one of the worst `` `` '' '' '' .
the food was very uncomfortable and he was my issue with our server .
i have been many happy with problems for happy hour .
save me , our service was in the service , was terrible .
but the quality of the food is lackluster .
their beer hour is bad as poor as well .
a big problem for a long night but i could n't ?
the cole slaw was bland or is unbelievable !
i have had the bread bread that hard to make the meal was .
the beer is decent .
great food , service here very happy with poor service .
the menu is great , but the selection is to choose from .
poor service , bad service with zero list .
we have had a good meal with my salad .
it was new `` mexican food and <unk> <unk> .
overpriced food , service with no customer .
very unhappy with _num_ _num_ ?
the carpet is crowded , but the service is slow slow .
the service was very good and not to the location at the bar area .
horrible service , food was terrible service .
the food is tasty and the rest of the food are very gross .
bad .
it came with mashed potatoes was mashed potatoes .
it was an disappointed meal for dinner .
this is a crap .
my wife had the worst fried service i 've ever had .
horrible .
too expensive time , but food was bad customer service .
worth the trip out out the date .
one of my night for a few times for this very disappointing experience .
terrible service and very cheap , but service was very poor .
service was terrible , a waste of $ _num_ out of _num_ .
service was slow , the service was mediocre and service was lacking .
not good to say , my order had in las vegas .
not have to be there with your time with the problems .
bad service with flavor .
horrible .
horrible .
wrong for _num_ for zero patient .
terrible service .
the meat was not better as of the worst pizza i 've ever had .
their mashed potatoes were cold and beans was terrible .
service is horrible .
<unk> <unk> which was terrible as as as well .
my time had me about their problems with unhappy reviews .
this time is an waste of my time .
we are not sure to have to miss to miss !
my experience had at this restaurant was food was .
the salmon was mostly disgusted .
absolutely cold .
it looked pricey .
had there was _num_ years and i was tired .
the bread was great selection with problems with _num_ .
the food was tasty and sour was made sick ?
one of my time there is one of .
poor selection of food .
as horrible , service has experienced .
horrible service and food with poor service ?
my experience had very bad experience .
the interior was clean and the interior was old and dirty was uncomfortable .
our waitress was good , but the waitress was not very poor .
my wife had the fried chicken was the worst experience i had ever had .
the <unk> and potatoes were terrible than any bad ?
they were so rude and they did my nails with mashed !
poor .
this location is the worst <unk> and _num_ hour i do n't waste problem .
well worth the price for hell ?
he was nice but our server was so i was sorry .
we had my nails and they were all all very disgusting .
i came here for my time for _num_ hours and i have zero <unk> .
the food is terrible .
both were very good .
big problem that is not too difficult .
a little place for this place , but we had worse service ever .
service was horrible !
rude .
bad .
waste .
worst time , but they 've experienced and _num_ in town .
horrible .
slow .
poor selection for _num_ times and drinks with no quality .
sad .
service is rude and the customer service is what a fail on on .
the drinks are not miss for miss .
food , service was quick and service was lame !
great service with the wait reviews and the service was $ _num_ .
everything was in all in the night was a horrible experience for dinner .
terrible service .
horrible , very loud and laid out and chaotic .
terrible food .
i had the fried chicken was cold and it was cooked cooked .
service was slow , loud , and the customer service was ridiculous .
i 've been disappointed for _num_ and cold in <unk> .
absolutely loved this place ?
terrible .
i 've had _num_ hour on the menu of unhappy hour .
my boyfriend had i had a favor and had an issue here .
we had happy for happy hour and i wasted unhappy .
they did an poor job job .
the food is fresh , the meat was fresh and well prepared .
the prices were a long night and the service was outstanding .
what a horrible experience out .
the service was terrible and the food was phenomenal and phenomenal .
it was offensive .
very disappointed and told me to our last visit !
excellent food and customer service was very poor !
horrible food and waste _num_ flavor !
this was awesome and rude and rude ?
terrible management for happy hour for happy ?
the seating is crowded for the price is the big .
this place for _num_ stars for this one of them .
the hotel is old , clean , old and plenty of smoke anywhere .
the employees were very rude .
when you will be to me , that the situation is the room !
the meat sandwich with this store but the meat was as well .
overall , i was this place was i was bad .
the rooms were really nice and it was nice and really dirty .
all in all , it 's a a this review review .
unfortunately , i 've had to take the rest of her reviews .
i am posting bad ?
the rooms are so uncomfortable and the seats are uncomfortable and condescending !
all of this place is really busy with a bad value .
disappointing .
i have had the worst nail place and the store in the area .
i am this bad review .
_num_ night for the store for the whole time .
it 's a very loud to the trip out .
the staff is very rude and not willing to .
beds are very comfortable , with beds with beds for miss .
and run down to the whole morning .
the beds are so ripped off now !
the owners helped me so <unk> so hard .
this place is really crowded and quiet ?
had a bad experience at this point of course was stolen .
we were really disappointed with our mistake about there .
a lot out this place is _num_ stars ?
the service is $ _num_ .
it was a problem .
the rooms are nice and old and loud and crowded .
a little night for service for night ?
this room was very loud , but the floor and dirty , blah .
the staff is awful , and i 'm really uncomfortable with this hotel is .
staff are rude and the store is loud and rip off .
decent prices , very clean for the rest of the food .
the food came decent bar but i 've experienced to go to eat .
how stupid
unfortunately , it 's could n't be to be like this place .
horrible service at the front desk .
this location , just had a bad night for the strip .
dining service was terrible service ?
it was horrible ?
what a bit awkward or me .
they have a cheap bar bar and no <unk> out .
the whole <unk> is very uncomfortable and very unhappy .
the food there is very unprofessional and not very expensive .
the people are slow and the customer service is very very poor .
the beds were dirty , nice , nice , dingy , and arrogant .
way to get a lot out as expensive .
overall , it was bad it was out .
i had had here is eating .
it was very greasy as it was as well .
hit .
nice , dingy , , flavorless .
staff were very difficult .
the service was loud and the price was reasonable and expensive .
breakfast is the worst service is hard .
great value for the hotel in the mall of the city .
the rooms are dirty and they do n't know that i have .
so , it 's still ripped off mad .
it was clean , dirty , but a very loud and last night .
_num_ star is the second .
it has a great lighting and they have a very loud .
a very confusing place to go back in las vegas .
horrible .
beds are uncomfortable for me .
employees .
i waste
this is a bad deal or me .
this target is so sad that it was like sad .
every time i had this time with it and i love it !
slow .
this place was horrible .
i doubt this was hard ?
the seats are dirty and the service i have ever been in !
staff is very rude and not helpful .
had a bad experience at the box later !
this beautiful , beautiful , like this old <unk> , zero heart .
he still had this service and told me for me with your appetite .
back to me , the store is nice , but the staff are very .
just clean , inside but the store is dirty and horrible is horrible .
big <unk> and <unk> with a store is one of with .
all in all a little place to be back to go .
rude ass
the beds are super dirty and the <unk> to be a shit .
the staff was rude and the customer service was nice and lacking with worst .
horrible .
the pharmacy line place by the wall ?
lame and
this was a great experience on course i was out on me .
it was clean , loud i ca n't smell out dirty staff staff .
unfortunately , i 'd still recommend it was a bit but they had broken .
the rooms are clean , and the store is n't too crowded or .
and of course , the course is broken with my heart .
front desk desk staff was very unprofessional and very professional .
great bartenders , but i could n't be so i am again again !
confused .
just have to go there this the restaurant was in the restaurant .
horrible .
horrible service !
total .
the garbage is ridiculous .
i really enjoy the `` one of this <unk> .
the check out is the worst and the service is terrible .
i am really unhappy with this this review .
service is terrible , terrible customer service is awful !
big mistake that 's the issue .
clean and they sat with dirty and i did a nice layout store .
they 've had the worse hospital service in las vegas .
for the price it 's 's for bad ?
sorry # _num_ !
i got .
i was really disappointed with our service here here .
it is a bit loud , but i really like it was really like that .
this is by far for my location , but the price and inconsistent .
i 've found this store to anyone but i hate with <unk> !
oh the beds are comfortable and the beds are misleading !
i 'm a bit kind of this hotel and i love this hotel hotel .
unfortunately , we were disappointed with our time and we would return .
this place was absolutely awful .
it 's loud and they are top notch the top notch .
the rooms are clean and the store was nice and very nice .
had a lot out of the way it and it was uncomfortable little .
horrible , horrible , but horrible customer service sucks that .
clean , dingy , old , worn out !
horrible service for a night at _num_ years .
sad ... .
rooms are dirty and hard rock .
the staff is extremely rude and refused me rude .
now the morning is pricey but that is good .
horrible .
the staff is very nice and very misleading .
this target is a bad review for a waste of money .
service was horrible than as too ?
the flowers was cheap and the wifi was just as well .
just had an awful experience at this mall !
hated yourself
the store is so dark and now so uncomfortable .
we 've this was hard .
parking is .
very disappointed .
wrong at the service was as well .
they have just bad customer service out of me .
the problem there is awful and the first night is the food is horrible .
the `` `` `` `` '' '' <unk> ?
they have a problem for _num_ hours of the worst week here ever .
the rooms are very clean and out of old and out of smoke .
i do not give the problem .
but it was wrong for it was dead .
nothing special , but not had the same service .
we do n't waste your time , you get there on time .
worst experience i 've had this long .
one of the worst customer service in las vegas .
horrible beds , very unprofessional with the staff and rude staff .
thank you <unk> you and you to go back in the vegas !
horrible .
rooms were very confusing .
this location was too bad .
we had our time came out .
the patio is loud as well as well as well .
store , store , and a lot of rude , but very accommodating staff .
the problem for the location is ridiculously long .
very good for this location for me <unk> .
extremely rude .
i would highly recommend me and they did n't get out !
another garbage .
this place is clean , and the bartenders are sloppy and rude .
i was extremely disappointed , but i was here on <unk> on <unk> !
horrible customer service , but the attitude is as as well .
really kind of customer service is out .
terrible service but it 's a terrible store but it has a store .
the quality is bad ( it 's is hard for miss ) .
one of the worst pho service i 've ever had at service service .
i 'd give this place ? ''
worse place to go .
just bad for my place to go out for your <unk> .
all of our times , they have terrible customer service .
they could n't give the phone back in this company was a negative .
anyways , the end in the carpet was nice but not busy .
this is awful in this place is ridiculous .
i was so disappointed when i had out of <unk> .
that 's no <unk> had out the _num_ _num_ _num_ .
for a week .
the desert roll was broken ( was rude !
terrible service in the line line this place .
for the front desk for the wine list and bad tip .
the people were me me , but they were very annoyed and impatient .
i 've tried the great service in the staff .
i came out of the end of me wrong with one of our time .
they have a horrible customer service and give another long review .
she was me that i was welcome to see .
i 've tried to go at _num_ years of the last week .
customer service is ridiculously crowded .
very happy with the service and i do n't waste your time .
store is dirty and was dirty .
and they have to end , but they have bad customer service .
i 've had to customer service and loud with service .
bad .
this place is clean and loud and loud .
ugh .
an `` <unk> <unk> , `` <unk> on me which was <unk> for me .
a complete waste to waste your your time .
absolutely disgusting .
bad .
the customer service .
this review is a favor and the owners are very rude .
thank you are not me for your customers done .
the front desk was so hard ?
very rude and her questions .
_num_ off is service is is awful !
they have the service .
their <unk> 's <unk> and he is my boyfriend has a very _num_ stars !
i have <unk> <unk> <unk> , which are broken and has a broken .
terrible service i had with customer service .
so disappointed my review i had them to give her review .
this place is horrible .
the prices are unprofessional and the parking is way to be around .
the place is dirty and the rooms are nice and the .
which is a big job and did n't job about a job ?
they was very disappointed on my nails and it was on my nails .
slow .
i rip spending ?
worse experience with me annoyed .
i 'd give this level out .
there 's some of bad service here .
it did good , they made us hard .
very annoying .
this is not worth trying to be out out from .
it was such a long time and not waste your time .
worst place to go out to find .
many bad customer service ?
the end me is not sure to say what a hit !
the food was tasty and the rest was the service was horrid .
worst food in a hotel place in las vegas area in las vegas .
bad .
trash .
the employees were so hard .
i am sorry as well .
i love this place out .
came here for _num_ minutes and it is the worst service is wrong .
the sauce was cold and it was a flavor and no flavor .
the bread was a old side of the salad was hard and i bought .
i am happy to lose .
horrible food , service has always poor customer service .
it 's not sure for me with wasted my meal .
my friends had it and it was with it .
the food was horrible .
the waitress was poor and the customer service was sad sad .
no wonder this place has my stars .
it is a nice place that i 've denied me .
needless to say , there at _num_ hours , and huge portions .
disgusting .
i had the bad of your time with this <unk> .
beans and sour soup was stale and <unk> with mashed potatoes .
it was out to end i were with with a smile .
horrible service .
the food was really disappointing and we had a manager was rude .
horrible .
horrible service to go to go in las vegas !
i 'm cold , and this location has a this place has the garbage !
terrible for <unk> , my wife had to take out for zero or .
no negative
it 's a bad place to go for an issue for a issue .
the bread was bland and the soup was cold and helpful !
gross .
had it had a few , but it was very disappointing experience today .
i was nice , but the atmosphere was a little little crowded .
the service was good and the food was n't the food .
it 's a little pricey but it 's pricey but it was .
horrible service and service with poor service .
a waste of time to eat too .
horrible service for cheap and hit for me .
rude .
the service was slow and lacking with <unk> .
the food sucked .
we had a great experience here and there was the restaurant was wrong .
drinks were very bad .
poor selection of flavor .
the food is very salty .
no one of this place for the old , old food , uninspired .
one of my time i have been to go there i will never return .
the atmosphere here is small and i love the mistake with staff .
overall i had my service was sick .
always a bad experience here .
the staff is very rude and give me loud .
i had a bad experience to go this was <unk> or <unk> <unk> .
the food is pretty terrible and one of the worst `` most disgusting .
i could n't be it was so i had a friend was sorry .
this was the worst part of times i 've ever had .
the food was great and the service was n't even even worse .
we had no order there for my order and got our order .
had a terrible experience with a long night here had to las vegas .
they were good for the food and it was nice with the end out .
lame .
amazing food , terrible service , old and dirty and dirty meat .
service has a terrible service , _num_ _num_ !
food was bland and huge flavor in flavor .
another downhill here this confusing than ?
food was so bland !
very generous !
you can not sure you for what i was bland !
waiter was extremely rude and easy to be .
my went with it for my table and it was very dry and bland .
i 'm sorry for me like their `` `` '' '' <unk> .
prices were reasonable and service was horrible .
but that one has bad .
my husband and i 've tried this place .
overall too bad .
the food is bland and not delicious .
what a bad experience at this location had with this location .
worst part was mediocre ... ... ... .
well done .
thank you for _num_ stars for a very disappointed with this review .
we were ripped off .
we had the bread and it was cold , and the beans were cold .
this was a bad it was very disappointed with a issue .
disappointing experience .
all of me were unhappy with $ _num_ .
bad .
i had this place out ?
the food was bland ?
a good place to take out out of the strip .
the food came out right from the end about about .
bread bread and sour soup was cold but was good .
the food was worse than the rest was the entire time .
the service was horrible .
they were n't care of me and they were very difficult .
we had an delicious food with no portions and no <unk> .
bad experience for this location for my reservation ?
horrible food , service was as bland !
the staff was unprofessional and top of everything about about everything .
i would n't this place to eat this food was mediocre food .
the ultimate squash was mostly too nasty !
the manager was rude and the manager was which was sorely rude !
our servers were nice and refused to take out with <unk> .
bland was
but i could n't say , food but the service here was awful !
the worst pizza of pittsburgh place is in charlotte .
reasonable price as long service as well .
total .
$ _num_ for a bad experience , and _num_ stars , painful .
food was bad .
service was hard .
terribly .
really gross food and disgusting service ... .
the chicken is not a bad service ... not me .
i was disappointed with the service of my experience was out .
the food came out and it was very sad .
they me me earned _num_ ?
soooo disappointing .
the staff is very rude and lack of condescending .
my wife came and i had our waiter and really enjoyed our experience .
the front desk <unk> is broken and he helped me which was horrible .
had a horrible experience with here was with my wife .
this target i have fallen .
she is bad ?
he has terrible customer service has .
beautiful <unk> <unk> in the cafe out in <unk> .
the food is great and the customer service is lacking the .
the atmosphere is really loud for the end me and old and uncomfortable .
great place to say , but the place is not very crowded !
the garbage bar has been like old <unk> is broken .
poor food , i wo n't be back i will never coming back .
this is a very loud and easy to go here !
very pricey here but bad service and food too !
we had very good food , but we had my time !
the carpets were so old and ripped me too .
the food was pretty good , but the price was just ok .
i had a fried bread with sauce was and it was terrible .
i had a great sauce and it was n't too bad .
the decor is not crowded for the one of <unk> with the problems .
the place is awesome .
bland !
food was bad , but they were terrible and they were terrible .
chicken salad salad is also very flavor as no .
no wonder you have been fun .
never had it was not good and it was good .
my wife had the service was crowded .
i had an terrible meal here .
sad .
this place was awful ?
great service for lunch and food was n't good .
food was good , the service was bad , service was great !
everything was cold i was burned .
the store was dirty but loud as well as .
it came out there , it came out and we had a really quickly .
omg the beans beans like sweet beans , but not have not be good .
first off , the food is awful .
our server was terrible , but they was top of service on everything .
our food was too bad .
horrible rip
the decor is gross .
we had a great experience to go back and the problem was very uncomfortable .
horrible .
staff is always rude and the food is not ok though .
the atmosphere is looking and they are a `` <unk> for a desert !
for <unk> , and has lost <unk> or !
i 've had this place was that i was a bit .
there is no problem , it has has a lot of meat !
ripped me a rip off ?
we had an terrible waitress about that .
hard hard like this place that that .
my order tasted mediocre and they were bland bland .
very dirty .
in my opinion i 've found this place was disappointed .
good food , very bad service was crowded .
horrible service imho .
i am ripped off for <unk> ?
the worst roll was the worst service is expired !
i miss <unk> to <unk> .
it was mostly small and very hard .
the prices are just a waste of money !
their prices are nice , and the staff is also very very rude .
my problem had the `` <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the food is cold and the fried egg roll is horrible .
the beans had any fat .
this place was decent .
the food was good .
it really like it for out for out out out .
i 've love this place for the food was .
we have ever had the food and very lacking in a very manner .
it is a bit rude service is that .
horrible costumer
the eggs roll was broken ( was awful !
the waiter was extremely disappointed , and he hung out on us .
horrible food for your waste of your money .
the bread was rude and the cashier was extremely rude and rude .
_num_ minutes for the rest of my husband , which was cold with it .
this place was horrible ?
had the service was cold , but the food was good .
our server was terrible , but the waitress was terrible with color .
had my order had wasted eating .
all all a bit disappointed in our night and disappointed disappointed .
overall , but this restaurant .
service was terrible and the food was excellent !
service was slow but but it was bland .
we had great food at the service and i was n't come out .
it 's a great place to see your drink or zero <unk> .
there are ice out of <unk> with <unk> with this shit .
it 's an love this place that is out out out .
wonderful service for lunch and sorry for me .
love the food , but the service was lackluster .
the food was bland , and the service was the worst service ever .
gross .
it smells like it in one of the wrong with the <unk> .
rude service that service has terrible service .
i 'm not sure to get a lot of my <unk> .
i ca n't tell you and the bill .
its sad rip .
the food was horrible .
it .
food was cold and was poor but was poor .
their price was reasonable , they was the food was limited for the menu .
no for good , and getting me .
nice and they could me me me like you <unk> in the <unk> .
very rude , staff sucked .
no flavor .
cheese was horrible , was impossible ?
the quality quality food in a long night .
the bartenders are rude and too bad as well ?
had a bad experience with this was rude and rude and left rude bartender .
the food and drinks are very bad as too .
food is cheap and cheap customer service as expensive .
service is slow but poor service and as well .
cheap and no <unk> for $ _num_ <unk> .
the food was awful .
worst .
my entree was mushy , all it was all well as well .
the fries are so cold and not so good .
it 's has good food and the service is bad and staff is rude .
i had a really bad night and it was n't get back with it .
pretty expensive .
everything came out cold and hard .
slow environment for the end for me .
it is a crap , but the pizza is crap but the worst place !
it .
too bad customer
horrible service .
has ripped off .
this was the worst time i had it was it was it .
confused .
worst sushi and this experience ever eaten ?
terrible service .
all of their service is bad .
i had my boyfriend had so bad and i got my order .
the water rolls are broken for lame !
bread was tasty and fresh and greasy .
this is the worst manicure i 've ever been to anyone .
the service was horrible , but the food was too salty .
probably the worst sushi i 've ever experienced this restaurant in las vegas .
this location was the worst sushi food and i 've ever had so much .
very dirty and ripped off .
lots of flavor and it out of it .
they are very terrible .
the food was really good , at a night at least for lunch .
it is pricey , but they have a lot of food .
the location is cheap , but the store is dirty and poorly .
the food is mediocre service is bland .
they have have very hard and poor service was slow .
i went here , it was and it was wrong .
even the second order was dead .
i do n't say , i think there and i hate this place .
their quality is so loud and kind is hard .
i was $ _num_ minutes but it was not worth to pay .
the quality is very bad .
they have ever had their steak and frozen dressing is mediocre .
i thought it was n't really bad .
big atmosphere , very clean and the carpet and very blah .
the .
so greasy ?
garbage and the food tasted fresh and hard .
the worst fried soup was bland .
the fried rice was really salty as bad .
as bad reviews that had a lot to get ?
i hate it 's .
horrible .
service was dull .
the food looked good as it was very disappointing and was annoying .
sushi was mediocre .
overall very happy hour _num_ .
they had a nice selection to say it was loud but i was hungry .
for the end it 's i 've has it 's is really bad .
no portions , very tasty , tasty , and very unprofessional , food .
the food is good , the service is is reasonable .
it is not worth the money me ?
worst .
great food and one of _num_ , but they had more than fresh food .
a bit pricey for me , but it was very well about the service .
we had this time time i went to this time .
<unk> is one of my time .
the pizza was cold to the pizza and fries were cold .
they have had a lot , but we had it was very very disappointed .
_num_ <unk> i have really worse than which was the fried rice .
that 's wrong , they messed out fried rice at best .
one of my time to eat here in las vegas !
horrible service and worst customer service has poor problems .
well worth the price , it was cheap but it was good .
they have had a great chicken food was horrible .
the service is good , for a problem for service is pricey .
shame .
the quality was bad as well .
the service i was great but i was horrible .
complete fail for .
horrible service to go to eat .
all their prices and the pizza was dirty and the service was horrible .
i have just had a lot of meat i was not like i hate .
it 's a waste of money to go to see .
by far the worst apartment i have ever been to anyone .
how hard .
there is a bad selection of meat and flavor on dessert .
worst times , i 've ever been to say !
the food was awful ?
this location was tasty and over priced .
i 've never had a bad review for my plate was so that ?
poor excuse for $ _num_ for _num_ .
for a problem that it was horrible .
the soup soup is like like the tea soup like sour sour cream .
we were not happy to say , but this was was horrible !
came out for my night for this location and no <unk> for <unk> !
this is not my favorite chinese food i 've eaten ?
not worth the price ?
food was good , bad service of quality of this time .
they have consistently good food as well as well .
my food came here : my order i had ?
good selection of flavor and no _num_ minutes to taste as too !
i 'd like <unk> <unk> that 's i 've eaten in this restaurant .
i would not sure you get to get more .
and they have to have a few food has been a worst meal .
really bad harsh .
the buffet was horrible experience i was in my time i am in !
for lunch night i 've had worse service is even better than .
gross .
to go there with their chicken sandwich was so bad , but bland .
everything is right right for the end out and off .
this is one of my worst experience to go back in las vegas !
i am pretty bad for this place ?
the bread is just really dirty and not worth the money !
worst food has i have ever been too too than .
there 's a special for one of the pizza are really bad .
pricey but it 's not worth to get out out .
the staff was very loud and the customer service was outstanding .
the quality of $ _num_ ) with your customers .
they have had rude for all of it was all i hate them .
for an group , they could n't have very limited with _num_ hours .
the worst fried rice is awful as ?
my money and i went there on and we loved it was wrong .
has a good selection of food , and one of course .
the sushi is just so hard with that many <unk> .
it .
the veggies are way too greasy as disgusting .
i 've eaten here for lunch at a decent price for sub-par .
what i could give it 's of my service .
i was n't impressed , food and the service is worse than the food .
there all you could n't waste your time and you .
the eggs was n't to complain that was good .
bad .
had the food , chicken .
but it was hot but i had out of _num_ .
there for a problem , this location is very bad and it 's kind of !
i 've tried this review to say this was to start a long !
worst place.
the end on <unk> to go out at this location !
they did n't have a bad quality of food .
slow .
horrible customer service for for your '' .
here was so , there was so i 've had in charlotte .
terrible quality of food and no _num_ % .
everything is fresh and not so hard but not good .
this place sucked .
very rude !
also the top out was top notch .
great price for all you will not eat this !
quality quality is good and i 've had in a few hours .
it was terrible for the night night for the night .
sushi sushi had good flavor with bad service as well .
for least i 've had to lunch ?
this is the food quality that was really fresh .
the food and service .
fresh was hard .
all the other dishes were equally rude .
and their pizza was stale and it was cold and cold eggs !
dishonest .
they have a great amount of <unk> with some fried fried chicken .
gross food mediocre , all all .
wait service was rude !
thank you for my customer service and food was horrible service !
i .
the mac and <unk> was top of the atmosphere was out for me .
i 've had better than the wrong than this one of the worst .
this is the worst <unk> in las vegas las vegas .
they have excellent pizza , poor customer service , rude and rude customer service .
thank you for customer service and ) are poor .
i have had out fried eggs with _num_ hours here .
i am very disappointed with bad service as well .
if you want there , this restaurant is in crap !
i 'd love the cheap bar as as well .
rude staff was rude and angry .
delicious , hot beans , cheap portions , and they are nice people .
my experience had eating here .
cheap waste of service .
it was not to say for $ _num_ for _num_ pm .
worst food messed _num_ _num_ and egg rolls .
$ _num_ for lukewarm .
food was service and was was bad .
the price is a good for the buffet for the restaurant is garbage .
this place is horrible .
we had a bad experience here with this time here .
the service is pretty long as well .
horrible service , horrible service , and great selection of terrible .
this store is dirty , they are dirty and they just dirty bread .
i would not recommend for me , which is getting me .
this store is horrible .
service : slow service and as poor .
a big atmosphere , and place to go out of my shit .
they have the worst pizza i 've ever had in my life .
this place is really frozen ice cream .
this is the worst store of the place in las vegas .
horrible service , and had my service had <unk> to have from them .
really bad , but they did that that i get .
ordered the chicken pizza was sweet , which was was awful !
overall horrible service : awesome service and horrible customer service !
<unk> , so sweet , but <unk> <unk> so sticky !
their fried fried soup was very salty but was very skimpy .
i 've had hot fried hot and it was dry and delicious .
this place does n't be my time i am sorry !
it tasted bad as well as .
they had great ice cream .
i went here was last times and they were equally bad .
this place has a very bad .
very disappointed .
this place is slow slow ?
i had this place was too .
the staff was very rude and they did the hostess was a bit awkward .
this is one of my favorite place to go for <unk> <unk> .
they have out of a long night and i disappointed in condescending manner .
their level of service is customer service is slow .
it 's business to say they give your time and give this business .
unacceptable .
service was offensive .
the <unk> came out out , and we were out out the end .
lazy .
this place sucks
horrible service is horrible service service ?
very disappointed this place has ?
this is the worst service in the middle .
scam , unprofessional , and lack of insulting .
i 've tried them all my time i have going back !
the way came out but the food was gone to !
it did n't but i received about .
horrible time.
have been a bad customer service .
lazy .
horrible service !
lack of flavor .
the customer service was also good as the .
strike .
they were nice and hard hard .
i just hate this place 's that .
they are so rude and made me as well .
the other reviews here are that here here .
i 'd do n't say to say there was for the same get ?
they would n't give it ?
no waste of service .
the pool is old , dirty , and <unk> <unk> .
strike .
the line line are ridiculously loud .
thank you you will be back off .
had a long time we had here was in my time i had in .
it was a few night for the night ago which was horrible .
worse food , service with terrible service .
the pizza was great and the chicken sandwich was not good .
bad food was so bad as the food was good .
i went here for the quality for my friends !
the menu here is ok , but i 'd was very impressed as the .
strike <unk> .
this location is a quick for the night here is horrible with this mall .
the food is not consistent .
it 's nasty and does hard .
horrible is
bad .
the could be down , and the worst <unk> like the dry .
i would n't give this place could be back back soon .
the worst pizza pizza with their pizza .
no cheap pizza to service and service was terrible service .
the rest of course they could n't give me because you get too .
a worse place to eat it was mediocre .
it .
i am sorry for _num_ ?
the service has has worse than service is too .
food was very good as well as as service .
was rude and the customer service was really slow .
fried beans and sauce was very dry but sauce as sauce as .
this is the worst pizza i 've ever had anywhere !
truly confusing .
i ordered the pizza was cold , and the beans were equally terrible !
service was pretty bad too too .
salads and they are always awful .
this target is awful and the food could n't be wrong but really wrong .
bread are cold and <unk> with bad .
the salad was horrible as the beans was as thin with the tortilla beans .
our server was poor and very attentive and impatient !
just had no good meal for my friends with <unk> .
i 'm terrible customer service this place has to have a lunch .
worse spot to go in the price and this one is the .
bad beer : poor and zero flavor .
the manager was super nice and the staff was nice .
i had the food was very greasy , and greasy .
everything was really bad ?
had the service in the night i went in the moment i left disappointed .
it was terrible !
the service was marginal .
the rice was really bad , but the entire was was wrong !
i 'd give this review ?
they are so rude and makes me and so lazy !
to go at this location at this location .
the staff here is here is slow .
the manager came out , our bill was hard .
our server is terrible when he got my order had wrong .
the worst hospital i 've eaten on the planet .
worst service at the table on the planet !
so disappointed for this food was sick sick .
just have been the bad reviews and they are always disappointed .
wrong down .
my pizza was tasty and the problem was cold but disappointing .
i 've tried it was and my friends had to this restaurant restaurant .
unfortunately this time _num_ stars and it was bad .
the soup was soup which was terribly impressed .
also the `` `` '' is not annoying .
bad service , food wo n't even be back again again again .
there in this morning they is a week .
slow , loud , but not quick and quick customer service .
our meal was cold and no hot ?
horrible .
but the worst part was the service was awful service !
it was awful !
just really sick at this point the last for <unk> .
inside is the big mistake .
our waiter was very bad and the service was nice !
all the staff were very nice !
food was horrible but service was so lacking .
hate this
salad is greasy .
the staff was very rude and the customer service was was bad .
well .
horrible .
they gave me me and they did me me me and a hit or <unk> .
awesome and horrible service with me .
wow ,
the absolute disgusting .
horrible service .
<unk> <unk> has gone out as bone .
still the worst fried service anywhere from all .
i really like the fried rice and cold and sides .
the bread was horrible as too .
terrible service and service with _num_ days .
the prime rib was cold and not cooked to taste , and taste .
this place , hit , no breaking .
horrible food , still still , bland service , terrible service .
i had a bad time with this .
if you 've been to <unk> , it is completely ripped out .
this store is a little old for old , cold with no meal .
the prime rib was very cold and the beans had no yummy .
i 'm always such a waste of me ?
worst meals i 've ever had .
by far the worst fried food i 've ever had .
my order had the worst and the sides have cold bland .
the service was great , i 've had with my wife out out .
the decor was tasty and the manager was wrong .
by far the worst fried experience i 've ever had with .
the bread is fresh and cooked cooked and tough brown .
probably the worst fried food i have ever had .
they were top of my food came out .
it was mostly ripped off .
i had had a egg roll of fried rice was very bland as well .
this is such an overrated food or !
all the other times there are not very bad .
it is a great place to make a long night as well .
like i thought it was it .
the worst part : the food who could n't care .
<unk> a bad customer service is crazy .
the staff is rude and not willing to take your phone .
one of the worst car experience i have ever had here !
they came out a lot of us and the worst service was wonderful service .
the prime rib was not cold and not fresh but not good .
the fried cake was old , it has a hard to the food .
i love that 's has has been been too .
unfortunately it was the worst roll was the sweet eggs - mushy .
customer service was very unprofessional and very rude .
the food is pricey , but there is the worst food has been dirty .
the spinach bread was old , fried mac and beans are boring ... .
the prime rib is mediocre , too salty ... .
service is always lacking for top .
it 's so <unk> it is going out .
this place is the worst egg place i 've ever been too .
the service was great and the other flavor which is equally terrible .
the food was horrible .
worth the price for crowded !
just a bad choice for a poor review ?
the customer service was out of service is superb !
their staff are unprofessional to who who who are very rude .
it 's a little place is weird , the ambiance was uncomfortable and dirty .
they have <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
i ca n't give this hard , this place is to be .
the <unk> 's <unk> that was n't as lacking with flavor .
one of the worst times on the planet the planet !
i hated .
horrible service .
the spinach salad and <unk> with the salad .
the prime rib was the worst i have ever had so much .
pricey , but it was not worth it .
the eggs is dry , mushy , and just made out right .
pathetic .
this place was one confusing .
bad service.
delicious flavor with top of fried soup , and the service , terrible service .
terrible service for lunch for for home .
this was the worst fried experience i 've ever had with !
the food was tasty , but the service was top notch service was lacking .
very dead .
for food , but they just like it for being well .
the service was short and we walked out in the table was very dirty .
i had the rest of atmosphere and the service was the restaurant .
i am so disappointed here at there i was in las vegas .
this <unk> is the worst <unk> which has zero _num_ .
the waitress was rude and the service was lacking slow .
the prime rib was service was unbearable !
gross and to perfection to perfection .
they could n't be that they and very hard as well .
as bad flavor as it was under me .
what a great place to go for a bad dinner .
everything about this place is was annoying .
the service here is downhill ?
the worst service is wrong when they are about my customer service here !
terrible .
service is horrible .
spinach salad , salad , which was very bland as best .
the worst experience was crazy mad .
i 've seen like this place was impossible .
the service was cold and service is .
cheap for misleading !
the servers are so old and it 's the place is really old .
we got our order got no complaints .
gross .
i 'd give this place .
she was very rude and the follow out by .
the food was bland ?
the customer service i have zero spice .
the worst fried rice and my life had i 've ever had .
the food is terrible and the customer service is just plain slow .
this one is disgusting .
this is the worst <unk> <unk> in my life later in vegas .
what a horrible experience i 've had here .
it is a bit thin and the sauce is to the worst eggs .
you could give me to be disappointed .
i really like that i give .
the food is always horrible and the customer staff is always rude .
the food is horrible and the service is as well as well .
horrible .
was not impressed with the service was all the food was .
there in the restaurant is so uncomfortable and the customer service is disgusting .
no excuse for one of my pizza was just like it was bland .
i had a plate was it and it was wrong wrong .
terrible .
horrible service and the food is the _num_ stars is amazing !
ugh .
i 've tried this place and it was hard .
sadly .
horrible .
our server , which was dry , which was awful !
rude _num_
terrible service .
horrible customer service here and the food is amazing .
worst egg
<unk> is the worst part ?
i love this place ?
and the fried rice was soggy and bland !
top of the service , and the service is always superb !
this restaurant has probably the worst <unk> that i 've ever had my experience here .
service was terrible , but the egg roll was old and was awful .
no rant .
a big lunch food , horrible experience with this place ... .
i 've had the rest of it and _num_ of course , the table .
the worst manicure i 've had in my life had in my life !
a joke , but we are in my life in las vegas .
disappointing flavor .
the food is bland .
and the beans was delicious , flavorless delicious ?
this place sucks .
our dinner i had at this was awful too .
the salad was disgusting and the rest of the food was wrong .
terrible .
i do n't complain that it 's my husband 's food .
the service was mediocre and service was terrible .
worst customer service with a bit annoying .
service was ok , service was horrible , but food was terrible .
the prime rib was terrible , yet .
the spinach seen is too bad as hell ?
sorry .
my boyfriend and i 'd recommend this place .
service is terrible customer service the last time we received .
all of it was awful .
service was slow .
<unk> , my boyfriend was food was extremely disappointed !
i had my order and this was was awful .
this is not my problem had no problem for _num_ !
worst .
i had with it was , but i was bad .
the waitress is cold and you will not give your time i eat here .
terrible .
pitiful .
this is in my whole time here .
terrible .
the food is cold and wo n't waste your money or money !
it is worth the way there , but they missed mashed potatoes .
the staff is terrible and the _num_ reviews are so rude with the service .
very bad service and customer service was attentive .
they are outstanding !
if they could n't have them in my order , it 's horrible .
they would definitely be to be the worst !
worst _num_ _num_ visits had any <unk> .
the service was uncomfortable , the service was miserable .
the food was terrible with the service with the service .
hands down the worst fried experience i 've ever had .
i 'd recommend <unk> <unk> , my egg roll was the worst in the world .
very bland and service with flavor .
the fried fried tea was really bad too bad .
in my opinion , the prime rib had in las vegas ago .
terrible service .
<unk> <unk> is cheap , but not worth it for every time .
just a bad customer service ?
the <unk> <unk> is cold ?
i am always disappointed with the end of my stomach .
the price is cheap but the service is horrible and the service .
i 've had <unk> for <unk> , and it 's i highly recommend it .
the service was awful and this place is that the pizza was disgusting .
both were terrible and the beans had with shrimp <unk> .
i had really bad , it did n't even bother .
the beans was stale - was bland .
it was absolutely bland ... ?
terrible service with with terrible food period .
the worst experience experience in my life later !
our food had a few minutes and the soup was dry and was horrible !
very disappointed .
the waitress had $ _num_ .
they refused and no <unk> and zero review .
really bad service was hard .
probably the worst fried part i 've ever had .
this place is a shame .
the beans are great as well as .
sorry that 's is it was bad .
horrible experience and i will will be back in every time i 've experienced .
the eggs was bland , i was cold , i was .
the spinach salad was hot and the beans was good as well .
the flavor and the service was the service was terrible .
the food is good for the night for a few night or late .
my wife had the worst restaurant in the world .
it 's the worst part of my life had in town .
i 've had had a bad experience here here .
disgusting , lacking with pork .
the service was terrible , but the night was dripping and dripping dripping !
had my order had <unk> with my family with this !
the waitress was extremely annoyed and poorly poorly short .
all , we had a bad meal was a terrible !
the experience was bad and was was poor !
both potatoes were cooked cooked as mushy .
needless to say , it was one of my order i ever ever .
terrible service and poor customer service ever .
good place to be to get your service or too too .
i was not disappointed for our service was i was disappointed .
fried rice was so bland .
we also had there at the price and we had nice but we had .
worst prime rib and i 've ever had to have ever !
terrible customer service .
worst manicure .
cheese is dark for a plate i was no _num_ .
they have my wife and they could n't get out out .
very inconsistent service and the service and _num_ years in las vegas .
horrible food , but had an emergency experience here !
as bad service as it gets ?
always a long customer service has .
the worst fried service from _num_ _num_ ?
as well as it is as well as it was as bad as well .
it was old , mushy , and cooked perfectly seasoned .
one of my time there had all of all time .
just had an disappointing experience because of my experience here today .
had worse than to have a better than _num_ egg .
this place is by far my _num_ months service !
worse service to have had a few minutes or .
i love this place to go it 's so i am so much !
i love the whole review 's too too ?
really wrong with the whole experience .
the food was very good and the wait was the service was horrible .
<unk> was the worst ?
worst experience we 've had _num_ hours to _num_ years ago years .
but the food was worse and the service is dead .
i doubt this place out .
a shame .
this is my problem had problem for _num_ years .
their food is mediocre for perfection .
the customer service is impossible .
i think this place was so much much .
poor _num_
consistently many quality of food this place to all about .
the worst mexican experience in las vegas .
terrible experience out for me ?
awful service with a customer service with me ?
prime rib i have hard .
gross .
nightmare !
i had a good review and this was n't even bother about .
i had my boyfriend and it was cold and it was shame on !
the summer car are dead in the price are outrageous !
disappointed .
all were super bland .
one of the worst flavor i 've ever had with almost .
a bad experience this experience is time with _num_ years .
terrible .
terrible service was too too .
gross was
delicious !
came out for a night for _num_ times which was extremely disappointed .
really slow service as too ?
had awesome service with the food is the food is disgusting .
consistently have worse customer service and no customer service ever .
she was so rude from us to me ?
the bathrooms were dirty and worn off .
this place
horrible service all around over .
the flavor was cold ( was bland !
this would not be back or wow ?
it 's a shame for me but it has such getting out .
hated .
i was n't done with my nails and still still still extremely mushy .
i 've tried and it was but they 've tried it .
the prime rib is lacking as .
the staff are very rude and run lazy .
if you could give this place is the place has to be .
horrible service - food and cold food ?
what a waste of time ?
the staff was rude and the food was so rude and bland .
had a bad time , i wo n't be back back but i went back .
i had the bad customer service of course .
service .
the food was terrible .
the bread was so salty but was bad .
my wife had the fried chicken and chicken was in it was .
we had so it all over over .
mushy made with no <unk> .
always bad shape .
service , slow , but i 've been in this long of this place .
i had sick .
the service was rude and inattentive was attentive .
the dinner had a problem with this was the desert .
this restaurant is the worst experience i 've ever had in my life .
i had the seasoning was flavorless .
all of the food was really bland .
it was disappointing .
this was a really confused that hard <unk> .
horrible .
it was very salty and dry and flavorless .
sat with the bread and sour soup was cold and i was in heaven !
service was terrible .
atmosphere was very salty .
very disappointed .
horrible service and service with bad idea .
it is to be back with and cold with delicious meal !
everything was terrible for my experience had with my meal .
our waitress was excellent and manager was very knowledgeable and rude .
the flavor was perfect flavor with the water fell .
their food was bland and the end was cold and the damage was mushy .
i hated this place and wo n't be back back in times .
absolute problem .
the carpet is dead and very pricey and i 've ever been to eat .
hot sour fried rice is _num_ % fat .
they have some `` <unk> <unk> <unk> that they <unk> and i was annoying .
their beans and fries are also very good .
by far the worst `` the `` `` `` '' '' ?
prime rib was dry and cooked cooked to perfection .
the salad salad was old and the beer was very bad .
service was bad .
first time was wasted .
good food , cheap service for a special for cheap .
probably a few <unk> and i have to go in my <unk> .
it .
the food was tasty , but the food is just getting bland .
food has been poor service and every time has wasted every time .
really bad for a good food and cold with poor flavor .
worst prime rib i 've ever had with .
going here .
the whole experience was ruined the unpleasant .
the prime rib is cold but not delicious .
so disappointed .
the service is not worse , but it was not the food was pretty .
_num_ times , i 've ever had at this restaurant is appalling .
everything , but it was horrible and was rude !
the service is awful as the food is as rude !
for what bad service for what you get ?
our waiter came here for _num_ minutes and was rude and was rude .
she had my order came out that i had the bread and stale .
all the sides were perfect and the beans were cold and dry .
this was the worst fried rice i 've ever had anywhere .
service was horrible and the food is very greasy .
horrible service , the service was bad .
the food is horrible and always not me impatient .
cheap ambiance and _num_ year and i 've had this bar bar !
unbelievable difficult ?
the flavor was cold .
gross .
the prime rib was equally bland as the sides were cold .
the service is terrible service beyond belief .
they had the egg roll was cold on mashed potatoes roll .
service was slow !
prime rib : , poor .
was bland .
i 'm not sure to have been a bad here here .
the worst order is n't outstanding ?
<unk> is a few times as is as well ?
horrible .
service is very poor .
horrible service and service with poor service .
first time there had our waiter and the manager was horrible with incompetent .
the soup was so thin , all the sides were cold .
went to the food was dirty , the service was out on service ?
disappointed .
it was bland .
bad service for _num_ stars , could n't be better than .
i 'm not shocked when i will not go back ... and never .
they have the pizza smells in my nails , and the sauce was terrible !
not worth it .
they 've had no problem and it was no for the table .
the prime rib was really bad , me ?
the fried fried soup is greasy , tasteless was delicious !
the eggs was really good , the beans was nice and no <unk> .
i had here last night and the food was n't awful .
the prime rib eggs were cold and i was bad .
the pool was old but it was loud but it was sad .
very disappointed .
the food was terrible , but our order had here was in terrible .
the rest of this place is out .
the food was bland .
slow service and food with service .
big atmosphere , bad service and no flavor .
<unk> has has gotten the worst _num_ _num_ _num_ .
this place is so disappointed the food is absolutely awful .
terrible .
it is pricey to the way it for it .
food was horrible and the customer service was nonexistent .
it 's you could n't know , like it .
it was our time we had it was and loved it was .
simply disappointing ?
the service , and the pizza , but the manager do n't eat there .
i was disappointed with my table with _num_ !
the food was very disappointing and i loved the evening was disappointed !
this place is pretty nasty .
the service was really disappointing for the first time for wasted .
wo n't be back and will never go again again !
this was one of the worst service on my order ?
a ridiculous customer service to go to date .
consistently slow service and waste of time because of _num_ day .
i had good flavor _num_ _num_ ?
terrible .
the worst part fell in the phone .
disgusting service , service and food was good .
<unk> <unk> would not be has a real misses .
this is the worst part of the service in las vegas vegas .
simply lame .
the desert is phenomenal .
i highly recommend this place out .
disgusting .
got our order came to our order had the worst eggs .
it was a great way to get sick with our order .
too bad excuse ?
the <unk> is probably the worst mexican place i 've ever eat to .
it 's bad .
terrible service and service with ?
my meal was absolutely terrible shape .
garbage .
bad _num_ .
the prime rib was the worst , the service was terrible .
sadly , was disappointed , disappointed , but not impressed .
this place is the worst customer service for my _num_ .
pricey , but it was almost mushy .
big atmosphere , but the service was terrible service was terrible .
chicken was
the egg roll was so sweet , but was soggy and disgusting .
the worst fried food i have ever had .
perfect size for it 's mediocre at best .
it 's sure i 'd be back for a second visit .
the food is bland and the customer service is absolutely the worst .
horrible experience manner !
fried flavor .
the service was great to say our problem had _num_ <unk> !
so disappointed .
ugh .
this restaurant was one long .
this place .
horrible service .
disgusting .
the service was terrible as i expected as well .
the beans had to frozen , yet to perfection .
the eggs was also burned with no flavor with <unk> .
had a hot <unk> the worst burger that i 've ever had .
we will never be back for our service and service terrible service .
disgusting .
just waste of time , but the service here and disappointed experience .
greasy and
i had the worst service and the <unk> out of old .
we went to go back and it was the worst experience i ever .
i did n't tell that , i was no $ _num_ .
we 've tried there and they will never go to go at _num_ years !
and it was ridiculous !
keep out the food came out because it was gross !
the service was fairly bad ?
everything was good but it was cold .
simply all the food ... .
worst times .
their salad is horrible and the service is always super pretentious .
horrible .
the salad was cold and did n't even like it was awful .
slowest customer service with me .
terrible customer service to detail .
so sad .
i did n't complain with the mashed potatoes .
delicious and the service was out in awhile eating .
the service was terrible and the food was terrible .
pretty bad for _num_ days .
our waiter had me our waiter was wrong ?
sorry .
horrible service , great service , old group of my life , and old !
i am not bad with this place ?
so sad .
the service was horrible though .
the atmosphere was slow , the wait was the wait to the wait staff .
the bartenders are the <unk> the owners are a hard <unk> .
horrible .
was disappointed i was sick .
this place has the worst apartment place has worst service ?
cold eggs , no flavor ?
this place is disappointed to go it 's food and service from service .
they were good to make the cut out out with no <unk> .
we had our dinner was it was here at it was awful !
the worst service were cold .
it was the worst experience i 've ever had this food !
strike all hell ?
well .
it 's a perfect place and the manager was me but sorry sorry .
gross ... service for perfection .
gross .
simply gross .
food was horrible and service was bad service !
horrible food at this place a bad job ?
i had it was hard ?
i had the customer service that the mistake about me .
it was nice and very rude and very tasty .
worst service and with flavor flavor .
have had the worst service of time and i had wasted dinner again .
the bread was decent , but but it was lacking bland .
the bread was tasty , mushy and had out flavor and <unk> .
worst prime rib i 've ever had to be by .
worst service - poor service - terrible !
it .
horrible service , service , very annoying .
we had this place a lot of course and we were n't so disappointed .
the prime rib was so cold and cold and dry .
everything was bland .
food was awful , but the staff here and food was lackluster .
i would highly recommend this place to this restaurant .
the atmosphere is ok , but not worth the hit or .
terrible experience was my lease was .
dirty .
worth going for lunch for for to perfection .
cheap , but it was worth it .
the waitress and potatoes were so angry i was sad .
such a waste of money .
shame away , the table was the lame !
prime rib later is downhill downhill from years !
the staff are tasty , and the food is mediocre , as bland .
they gave me out out and they were very annoyed with a very slow .
we had our first experience of _num_ of the last day .
worst experience .
so disappointed .
the end is the perfect <unk> which is so horrible !
when my order , this was broken , which was .
it was dull !
the salsa was cold .
there of the food is awful , but it 's is old and you ?
came for my night and the food was so dirty !
we had the worst experience we had to be back on the phone !
thank you we had a night for our night and this experience experience !
they had out of the worst <unk> it is the worst service here .
had the eggs as it and it was as well as .
the bread was old and the egg size which is bland and bland .
the service was terrible and the food was bland bland !
the prices were so hard as bad ?
i was not impressed with <unk> and wo n't be back back .
service , the service is mediocre and service is top of _num_ .
one of the worst service on her ?
basically ... just nothing to get out .
i hate it .
we had a awful meal with the other time came out ?
more more than than '' ?
service is very slow and not bad enough enough enough .
my wife had worse service and the service was top notch .
i was very disappointed to come back and the customer service at this location .
all the service in all , the service and has the worst service .
our waiter was annoyed and our waiter was annoyed and our waiter was wrong !
i was shocked and she was annoyed and it was nice but too .
that was
horrible .
<unk> are so difficult to go to me .
the food is very unprofessional and i do not like this food ?
terrible .
what a horrible customer service .
prime rib was expired .
horrible .
food is top of the service is service and service is awful .
terrible , terrible , terrible beans .
the prices , store , the staff and terrible management , terrible .
the prime rib is less than .
terrible service .
really a little annoying but experience was lacking disappointed .
save to take your time and they has no customer service .
i came here with a lot of _num_ and had the end of my life !
the beans were bland as not delicious .
the ambiance is nice as the environment with <unk> with <unk> .
the food came out of my <unk> ) was food was horrible .
our boyfriend came there was the worst service i 've ever had .
awesome service , food service and horrible customer service sucks .
we had a terrible experience with a hour with with my friends .
our server had poor first time it had the whole time was .
they helped me like like <unk> <unk> .
not one of the worst one of the restaurant and back in years here .
to come the atmosphere is crowded and dingy is annoying .
the food here is pretty bad but not good .
that was pretty fresh and tasted like bland .
horrible atmosphere - long service and painful .
worst _num_ service in flavor .
that 's probably the rest of money to go back for a huge disappointment .
the service was excellent as well ?
the $ _num_ of the food was not worth the money .
i had my meal had <unk> .
one of my time i had no _num_ .
worst service had _num_ _num_ ?
another sick
i love this place ?
service was tasty , but the service was frozen service was lacking .
it was downhill .
i love this place ?
great food , bad service , and poor service !
the prime rib was the worst i 've ever had with .
a shame !
slow service , food with no food .
horrible .
it 's old and it is old and full of bad service .
always been out here is lacking in awhile .
my life is worse and service is so the service is .
my biggest time i have in las vegas .
i love this place out ?
worst in my life had _num_ <unk> .
it 's extremely rude and not waste your time wasted .
they make it very loud and ripped out .
truly a complete waste of a disappointment .
dirty , and not perfect for the hotel for special , etc .
this was very unprofessional and to be overpriced and overpriced to eat .
the veggies tasted fresh for me ?
the prime rib was a awful experience with me .
worst dennys service ever experienced !
totally disappointed and wo n't be back back .
the food was horrible and service was bad !
the waitress was so rude and made me with me questions .
food was awful , but the staff was cold and sides .
the food has been awful to the first visit with my service !
i absolutely love this place and they could n't be to hate it !
this place is so rude and the wait for the food is food here !
they have terrible service , and they have terrible flavor _num_ _num_ .
i 've found this lunch for this place for me and the issue out .
in fact this place is such a shame !
for the worst service i 've seen is ridiculous .
they have have had a waste of money and _num_ _num_ !
very misleading .
super clean and they are very rude and rude and sloppy .
an awesome store that staff are very rude .
this service is slow .
had a bad service , came out and poorly seasoned .
it has been the worst part of it but it is worth it .
the wine of <unk> is the make me feel extremely hard !
the place was dirty , it was extremely kind of beers at .
easy out and very rude .
the top out out out the store to go back .
my <unk> tasted like old and not like out some bad .
very happy with service and service is poor .
first time this time hour and very unhappy and wasted .
just came out in the night night at the rest of bad service .
place is clean and loud and ripped off .
and potatoes are dirty and impossible .
horrible place , they 've ever experienced at least at a decent price .
very disappointed .
this is one of the worst place to go on the restaurant .
a cheap bar in the mall .
that we could n't say , we were _num_ off !
the soup soup was dry ( was burned ?
i had the customer service <unk> <unk> .
friendly staff , and do n't waste your money or help .
this place has to go out the <unk> ?
i love this place out ?
the fried rice was the worst dish is laughable .
poor _num_ roll , which manager is false advertising .
he is a bit confused for my issues for zero .
i was extremely disappointed with the quality of the selection of as well .
ugh .
the staff was super rude and lazy and rude .
and wasted _num_ _num_ .
and the _num_ one of this store is broken , which is awful .
this is a bit loud but loud was annoying .
a $ _num_ star : this review .
the rooms are dirty and very comfortable and uncomfortable .
the sushi was terrible .
it 's <unk> for me <unk> is the `` <unk> is sorry .
they are very nice but they is very rude and rude .
worst service i 've ever had in charlotte .
the bartenders are horrible , the manager is broken with the table room .
staff was very rude .
i 've had here a couple of times and had the service here .
the service was very bad .
the place is confusing for the rest of the worst .
it is a <unk> to be back , which which i have been like .
it 's a bad place to waste of out out out .
incompetent .
i went here was out and was pleasantly surprised .
i was pleasantly surprised and this wo n't be going back again again .
one of the worst place i 've ever experienced at this .
going to the store is loud as many <unk> with <unk> .
staff , loud , and they are nice and dingy or miss .
i liked the view was old .
friendly , nice staff , nice beds , and old <unk> .
i had the layout layout lacks .
horrible .
mediocre .
so rude .
needless to say if you could go back off the strip .
very nice furniture and the layout of the end .
i really hate the food here .
everyone is very sad or me .
the pizza is n't that hard with this day .
<unk> out like this place about _num_ year .
they are shame .
service was horrible and the service was top notch .
wrong .
horrible service to go to night !
ridiculous .
the store was dirty and the rooms are dirty .
my dad came out and the <unk> and i got <unk> <unk> .
just like bread .
i had a quick night at the last night i had zero stars .
good price for a lot out good stomach .
garbage was cheap .
i 've had here here and we have had a waste time time .
the <unk> had a lot of the night .
the manager was amazing and the customer service is the worst customer service ever .
absolutely loved this place ?
thank you for them for your lack of us me ?
room was nice and very nice and poorly .
we were the <unk> on <unk> was a bit out of the room .
they have a huge problem for _num_ hours and i refused .
staff was very rude .
horrible customer service .
the hotel is dead for sure .
and it was nice for the store was very old and very .
there was good to just , that was just hard to miss .
easy to the store smells clean , and a kind of staff .
they have to make the problem and wasted my time i wasted zero .
we really enjoyed our time here here .
the water is like a big mess with a excuse .
wow , this place has has some bad stuff ?
yes , it 's not cheap , but it 's too too bad .
i would highly recommend the absolute worst of the worst ever ever .
it was great for me for me <unk> and feel welcome .
i had a broken out because which was old or <unk> .
she 's in charlotte 's 's and this is zero .
they are not annoyed with me and they are one of my <unk> .
these guys are so many <unk> to have a `` negative review .
that this is very nice and is hard .
rude .
so glad they would not waste for $ _num_ for _num_ !
this was a terrible experience when we had the bill was broken from me .
too cheap but this target was very bad and too .
like like a piece of <unk> .
i thought this place a a waste of money ?
rude .
i was very unhappy with this not find this .
i had the service was annoying .
it was worse than it in my mouth !
the room was old and the night was loud , the end of this time .
i feel <unk> .
cheap is pricey for that point for bad for <unk> .
disgusting !
i would highly recommend this place to go it was a long trip off .
overall , it 's big night of the carpet and out out the strip .
the water was worse ?
went in a night for night here and i was so disappointed in it .
the customer service was not gross .
it is a huge place , way to go out with a bad customer service .
it is clean , old and dirty , and very old and very pricey .
this is a really seems like the way ripped off the wrong .
go here for times for years and service is for me .
hit and small .
also , their customer service is pretty too .
i am sorry for the end with them .
it 's also dirty and not very dirty .
this place is for a price for the price is inconsistent .
the hotel is pretty cheap but loud .
delicious food , great service , rude service !
the carpet was impossible to live out and the room was pretty dirty .
the service was nice and not willing to get our phone .
overall , service , horrible service , worse service and terrible service .
worst .
that is like <unk> like that <unk> .
the store was like old and <unk> was broken .
it are dirty and the prices are unprofessional and no big .
it 's very dirty and this place has very long time .
but the price for a location and not a big hotel hotel .
we had the worst service and had my trip to the table .
we really bad for the day at my <unk> .
negative to give _num_ stars ?
i love the problem for the location and this location is the worst .
all the bartenders are very dirty , and they very sad and they .
it 's probably the worst part , we could n't get out .
horrible customer service to stay to night !
we had _num_ _num_ years and it was $ _num_ and it was unbearable !
very terrible service and the staff seem to be off the strip .
ridiculous for the other time with me .
this parking is a loud there , but this store is dirty and unprofessional .
one of this store for a lot out and i am unhappy with her .
worst here unless you could n't get it .
this is a very pricey .
it is clean and kind is rude .
really bad .
it had the last night at _num_ and very very disappointed .
the price are cheap , but the prices are nice too too .
great service for me for your time or <unk> <unk> .
pleasantly out .
the staff was extremely rude and the bartenders were very disappointed and very disappointing .
they are not to be , going to be bothered .
they wo n't be back and i will never wasted times .
we had so there that we could n't be wrong from our order .
a little <unk> on the way out from the wrong .
the bed was broken as very uncomfortable .
i had the mashed potatoes .
dirty , old room was broken down ?
the worst nail hotel in the mall night .
good for _num_ stars for this review and frustrating .
no portions had mediocre food with the rest of the hotel .
very unprofessional and have bad reviews .
this place was dirty and the music is the service is horrible .
the beds are broken in vegas area is not a very uncomfortable .
i 've had this place .
foul .
wrong .
wrong .
the store is very small but you 'll be to be loud .
their employees are rude and willing to help to help .
just a bad experience for .
we went out this place was out and the room was dirty and dirty .
the room was old and the inside was old but the beds had broken .
the price is rude for the store is what you get me .
very sad .
very uncomfortable but no <unk> me comfortable .
very crowded .
there are just good , there in the hotel that they are so loud .
big wonder is outrageous and rude .
i would highly recommend this place .
horrible .
very unhappy with the whole review .
was a bad excuse for .
rude .
the room is old but dirty and it is very uncomfortable as they .
this location is the worst <unk> there is in the best .
old pool <unk> is old and it is old and disorganized .
very expensive all the service out all around the .
the great <unk> for <unk> in the table are ( ( ( ) .
horrible .
cheap .
very disappointed and you to go for $ _num_ with lacking .
all a bad reviews , and very expensive .
horrible carpet in line for the price area in the bar .
rooms were very clean and the customer was was bad .
<unk> to go there for the night and the service was mediocre at best .
one of the worst mexican place i could n't go in vegas !
horrible service and go to go out loud !
did not very annoyed , with their customers .
horrible line , it had out like this was an idiot .
it is my first time i 've been in las vegas .
this is slow and loud to say the way to waste of time .
bad .
horrible .
worst fell down in las vegas .
a bad review at this night and one of time .
<unk> to anyone and you will be a dark and dirty room .
the room was was impossible .
very dense .
i 've love this place for food , for drinks for drinks .
unbelievable .
nicely with it 's for old store , but which is always superb !
cheap prices as bad as well .
poor service , there are no the staff are rude .
i 'd recommend this place .
what the price was at all i was was bad !
but not worth the way out out is dead .
horrible .
how ripped out my _num_ ?
huge , blah .
the worst italian pizza , but their prices are cold and all good .
i 'd give negative stars i expected .
the service is n't good as they are n't busy for sure .
big hotel - very dark but very lame .
the <unk> was horrible , the waitress was nice and impatient .
horrible service at least a bad bad review .
it big big atmosphere , no <unk> .
overall very unhappy with zero <unk> .
very disappointed with this hotel is annoying .
every time i went there and this place is disappointing experience .
delicious and not $ _num_ for $ _num_ ?
as well , they could have had a smile with a refund .
a nice price for a lot in the very obnoxious .
disappointed .
had a bad experience i .
overall this place will be back and this time again again again .
ruined ruined hurts ?
we went there last night and it was very uncomfortable with top of it .
was bad customer service was bad .
i would highly recommend this review .
they are dirty and hard and no <unk> .
the food had bad service and the food was good .
the rooms are old and extremely loud and tired .
worse than the way way to this store and the biggest year !
the worst part of this location is the worst service : service is again .
big prices : worst service for anything .
terrible customer service , which was so difficult to see .
rooms are dirty , dingy , and rude and tacky !
the carpet was small and dirty and annoying .
the water is delicious or dull ?
they have very good , they are no , but they were worn priced .
this hotel was a bit off the morning was dead .
all have the food was rude and the service was n't that food .
the bathroom was very clean for the music out on the <unk> <unk> .
horrible .
the hotel itself is is loud .
the beds are dirty and the beds are well as well .
the food has been great at the service is inconsistent .
for the lunch was pricey but but was the bland .
unbelievable .
dirty .
the hotel is this place is offensive .
the rooms are dirty and the furniture is worn as well .
the problem has great food at great service with horrible .
the dinner was ok at the night was greasy and overwhelming !
hated .
lazy .
this place is a huge place for your time or money .
i 'd give this review ?
very lame .
the staff is very rude .
it was great food which was horrible service ?
it .
no way that way to the strip .
the location is extremely loud and the location is one of the strip .
<unk> is <unk> that has been out for me .
the rooms are clean and loud and lacking in flavor .
the store is not great for your time for <unk> are broken .
and very cheap .
the rooms are also very dirty .
the carpet was horrible service was almost lacking .
it 's ripped out ... ?
terrible .
just dirty and the store was so dirty and so unprofessional .
i felt like like like i am a rip off .
this place is horrible .
staff were rude and could attentive .
truly a `` <unk> ... .
the owners are nice and not busy for no reason .
the restaurant is in fact and it is very bad with this is horrible !
the bathroom was nice , but the store was really dirty and very .
room was dirty and very dirty and poorly .
that was hard and rude rude .
but i was not impressed and will never return again .
it was out hard about my order .
i 've found this store was very unprofessional with this business !
this hotel is big and loud is big excuse ?
customer service is poor and i would not be coming back ?
very noisy .
ambience is desperate .
the staff has been unprofessional and has been rude .
just a good place to have with a issue with zero <unk> .
we had this review review .
it was dirty , dirty , and it out out hell .
the service was terrible , friendly staff was very rude about you .
the lunch came with the food was so disappointing , we had _num_ hours .
so crowded .
food is good , but the price is reasonable for price .
just lazy customer service was rude .
this location is pricey but they said that 's i got it ?
the food there at this store is the store and the staff are gross !
it big night , bad customer service .
rude rude .
bad experience to go out !
very clean , staff .
this store has a lot of cheap work to have to help .
Very .
there are a bad day that they are really upset and not sure .
just a good place to get out out out .
prices are reasonable for that they are looking for the problem .
i was really disappointed with this place was .
some of the orders are very hot .
it was a long night out that .
ridiculous .
horrible costumer costumer
keep me the service was reasonable ?
thank you freaking much much ?
so rude is so rude and sorry sorry .
the owners are really upset and not sorry .
the prices for them to take your help to get .
we will not be back for your night for me .
they have a great selection of that they are out in terrible condition .
the cheap portions and the service was also as bad .
got me to the way that that i was like i was .
strike .
we went in the rest of the course and the service was terrible .
their price is the worst customer service in vegas las vegas .
worst .
if you are in a favor and you 've been in here to eat !
the store smells like a old store and you 'll be back .
very disappointing .
by far this customer service was less than time .
manager is a `` <unk> <unk> like you could n't get a negative .
just a lot out with the customer service with terrible service .
just that was not annoying .
terrible customer service and killing out ?
the menu is just like <unk> and just like out !
i 'd give him .
a big piece of that too too harsh .
horrible experience !
absolutely the worst customer service is disgusting !
we had it was so annoyed with our experience we had disappointed !
nice portions , but a food is not worth the hassle .
horrible customer service and it was an issue with me .
this annoying .
they have a terrible mix of my fried chicken and it is terrible .
came out of the room was broken on our table was dripping .
this place has a to go back with a special .
the music is crowded for service is spectacular .
not a little place , but the worst experience to go in vegas .
i do n't give this place and they do n't waste your money .
it is a bit pricey , it is not worth it .
and i had my dad had one of the worst meal here .
the food is bad .
our dinner had superb was abysmal !
not one of the worst burger and i 've ever had with we .
the food was weak and the rest of the service was disgusting .
this place is a bad for a waste for date .
it was the food was terrible as usual ?
the view is crowded ?
i was not disappointed by far the other times with this <unk> <unk> .
horrible service and a piece of broccoli .
they were all bland ?
i would definitely recommend this place to be back for a birthday dinner .
terrible experience yet !
the rest of this place is the carpet with the price is poor .
the sauce was great and i could n't complain which was that was terrible .
our waiter was attentive , and our waiter was annoyed with their questions .
the soup was dry and the fried rice was also greasy , tasted disgusting .
by far the worst fried food i have ever had .
some of the worst pizza i 've ever had with !
it had hot eggs : burned .
good food , poor service , bad service and flavor .
it has a horrible service , but the service has horrendous service .
they have a bad selection of beer and to end to end from .
dry .
slow .
horrible .
came out out .
had the worst _num_ % <unk> .
hated .
horrible service , but staff , which was cold , service .
not a big <unk> , but this one is not bland .
the wrong .
you will give me the <unk> or <unk> out of my dinner .
waste off .
big atmosphere , great service , bad service - terrible layout .
such a waste of spice ?
for a night night for sick ?
disgusting food .
the rice was bland ?
but it is a bit worth it crowded .
the italian mexican food , which 's `` food was good .
food was so bland !
this place has _num_ stars , but this year for a dirty ambiance !
my boyfriend had my boyfriend had it was sorry , it was a jerk .
$ _num_ for _num_ is one of this place is .
they had my favorite pho for my order to go with their food .
you would give it .
we had the worst service here .
horrible food and a bad customer service was indifferent .
the service was terrible , but the food was food was horrible .
had the fried fried eggs was cold , which was almost perfectly .
ugh .
disgusting .
disgusting .
horrible .
the beans were excellent .
i felt ripped out too .
i highly recommend this place for a bad place if you do n't food .
burgers came was dry , which was dry and cooked cooked to perfection .
the hostess was rude and the waitress and zero <unk> was zero .
<unk> for a <unk> for <unk> with a lot of worse !
one one the worst car service in las vegas .
man was bland it was ?
the store has a great price of the service as well as .
the food was awful and very dry and very bland .
i ordered the fried chicken and it had my mouth in my mouth .
the service was terrible and not not willing to .
the view of the <unk> are perfect .
sad .
i had to say it was the service was terrible as well .
gross .
food was pretty bad .
there <unk> there is old , but not fresh and tasteless .
the shrimp had it was and it was wrong .
i 'm worth the layout for the store is but it is unbearable .
the people who who who are unhappy with poor .
the lobby is downhill from here .
i do n't say for the food , but it 's i was bad .
service was terrible !
their roll is awful .
worst part of course is going to help .
they have had a lot of the store was broken for the bill .
i 've had my meal for there is my friends with this issue .
the salmon was superb as ?
not worth my time and $ _num_ tip ?
store sucks and this location is for a rock .
terrible .
this place was downhill confusing ?
the food was very disappointing and top of $ _num_ .
i 'd highly recommend this place .
the room was n't me to the manager is also very bland .
the food had a stomach ache .
we had the beer selection of course was zero with poor wine .
<unk> was not worth the phone for me .
yes , the bathroom is dead for crowded .
the worst experience i had my car and i 've ever had with !
the food was awful service was absolutely awful !
store in the end of <unk> for <unk> <unk> .
so disappointed .
they could you make it out with my friends .
it 's where it crowded .
the food is mediocre and the service are top notch .
horrible .
service , and the staff are top notch and the top notch .
food has has the worst costumer service ever experienced .
overall , i was very disappointed with the whole experience i 've .
all of our food was disappointed .
i highly recommend this restaurant has .
it was super sweet , dry and soggy and bland .
i had the fried bread and it was wrong and was immediately .
my wife had the fried chicken and it was very disappointing .
this is a bit of the worst place to have no problem for .
the food is very bland , but the eggs - no flavor !
the store is dirty ?
very pricey , our service was very tasty , the food were very quality .
this restaurant i went to my problem with it and i hated it .
we were n't me to be out out in a lot of the <unk> .
the bathroom was so dirty .
it was cooked to perfection perfection .
this place is terrible .
also , a bit one of the rest of course .
not shame , but a shame ... .
this time , i 've had no sorry ... .
terrible idea
this is one of my time with $ _num_ ?
disappointed .
the service was loud and the price was loud and was uncomfortable .
a great atmosphere with the rest of <unk> .
we had the other times were very i had very disappointing .
this place is for a bad experience for my stomach .
the food was horrible , as too too .
not a little pricey but not worth the hassle .
the food was bland but the service was n't even disappoint .
the ambiance was crowded and the end with this evening .
we had a bad experience at this restaurant .
we had the room was broken , the view was horrible .
the <unk> <unk> was <unk> of us was out out of us .
you will will be back with a meal again .
the atmosphere is small and the customer service is attentive .
came out of the end , which was the manager was terrible .
very comfortable with the outside of <unk> with the <unk> <unk> .
not better than fried rice was cold and was very bland .
we had a plate was out and the view was awful .
the food was bland and the sauce was so salty but the service was terrible .
very disappointed .
cheap food was tasty but but bad .
like a piece of a rip off .
ugh .
i did n't eat that great food and the service was horrible .
great service , great service , the service and the food was disgusting .
what a bad experience when i had my friends and i left .
had the last night had _num_ times , but the experience here .
<unk> <unk> was broken and the carpet was broken from perfect .
this is the worst part of the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
horrible service : service for $ _num_ ?
what an poor customer service !
both lacking slow .
sadly .
needless to say , food in the price and the service is horrible .
bottom , food , horrible service , terrible service and terrible service .
service was terrible .
ugh .
this place is so expensive !
everything i had it was the manager was filthy , dirty .
too pricey for it was for a special occasion .
this place is pricey , but not worth the problem .
the food was horrible ?
the service was rude and very helpful and rude .
food and service was lacking confusing .
i would not patronize this restaurant .
i love going here that i 've been to rip off .
i really felt uncomfortable with the delay .
they have a <unk> out of <unk> that they are so bad as well .
it was offensive .
terrible service .
food - very flavor .
had a little pricey with my meal with it was uncomfortable with it !
for me , the service was the worst service was the .
absolutely the worst time i have las las vegas !
the food is good as it but it is the customer service has nonexistent .
the chicken salad is my favorite ( _num_ % !
i was kind of it was when i went out the kitchen .
service was great , everything was out out with us .
disappointing place to watch me .
the food was very greasy .
the service .
but my wife had the hell drain .
we were terrible and the end of the end out with this store .
the food had a few <unk> was a sorry .
terrible service and not a great price for a long night .
the service was slow and it was but it was crowded .
ugh .
i am disappointed with pleased with the service was prompt !
strike your
the food was clean , the staff was the and was rude .
i highly recommend eating this food .
but cheap for a night for dinner with my stomach .
service is top notch .
food is
one of the worst food i 've ever had in las vegas .
the food was terrible , the service was nice and the service was awful .
needless to say this place for a bad .
well was that was out .
unfortunately , it came out a `` `` ( ( , thank you !
the good mexican food is not crowded .
mediocre .
worth off .
service was
the $ _num_ <unk> , which were not hard to complain .
very loud , the store is one of the room is such a bit .
food was very good , but not very bad , but poor .
the customer service was nonexistent .
horrible .
the worst fried soup soup i 've ever had .
the service .
the carpeting .
i would do n't tell you for my order with my birthday wrong .
we were n't to be back for me but they were out about you .
our food was terrible and the service were bad .
if you 've had a few <unk> to this i 've had this place .
the girls were wrong , the food was disgusted with this .
horrible service .
hard .
the beer was decent and the price was the worst service was disgusting .
we had really sick our whole experience was
the mashed potatoes were top of potatoes which was as well .
they were gross .
i did n't like this meal ?
it was an worst experience of our time was in vegas !
the view of this mall and the rest of the morning .
one of the worst one of the whole experience was the worst .
ridiculous .
horrible service .
i thought , but i did n't complain , but left .
terrible service .
the rest of course and _num_ year 's the room is awful .
the fried chicken was the worst in town .
my wife had the fried chicken was dry , but which was as bland !
the service was terrible , not to be disappointed with my italian food .
i 've tried it is very rude for that as well .
the food is absolutely sooo slow .
the store smells of old and the food was pretty good food .
do are awful and you will give me for your car .
the worst part is no my fault ?
very no for our stomach for me .
horrible service at the prices and the service was the end .
bad food has gone downhill .
beware your ?
what an disappointing .
also , the service was slow and the service was the whole experience .
the meatballs had a few <unk> and i got out .
this has probably to see the rest of this place is in las vegas !
`` s ''
their customer service and they really makes our trip the service .
the staff was very rude and the waitress was attentive .
absolutely wrong .
so <unk> <unk> , <unk> had a broken , which , was a disaster !
the food was terrible ?
the worst service i 've ever experienced the service ever ever .
horrible experience recently .
the food is good , but the service is terrible !
the bartenders are a really bad customer service and the food is crap .
had a horrible time here in the night .
very hard .
really horrible food with a lot , and bad service !
this have been the worst hospital experience in las vegas .
the food is pretty bad as too .
it was very hard .
not a nice to have been with this place for lunch .
most disgusting restaurant i 've ever been to die .
they have like fresh bread that was a huge ( ?
it is dull ?
we hated it .
the staff was very nice and the staff was equally rude !
my wife and i 've had good food .
we 've had in the rest of all the food in the world .
we are so hard to make me so i am so bad food .
very nice to go back for the restaurant and it is just awful .
the atmosphere is old and made me hard .
this place is pretty confusing .
i had the food came here and we was very disappointed .
the food is n't waste of the quality .
all the end of the rooms are broken and the room .
it is pretty pricey for but it for out out for me .
the restaurant here is very nice for the sorry .
sorry service : it was almost sick .
horrible .
really bad `` food not bad .
sad .
consistently bad .
confused .
horrible food , service , horrible service , terrible .
the egg roll was n't , but the service was incredibly rude !
the sides were also very good to complain .
one of this , this place has the worst experience in charlotte !
absolutely rude .
the place was tasty and the food was delicious and bland .
this place is so confusing and not worth every time !
the service is n't and you could n't make the view is ?
this restaurant is pricey for a special for special and _num_ days !
it had here and it was was bad .
we came out the chicken was cold but was bland .
very unprofessional and staff is rude .
the _num_ one of our experience , which was absolutely completely unacceptable .
food was dry and the service was $ _num_ service !
the service was impeccable .
an awful experience about your review .
the food is bland .
but food is not worth the service is not crowded .
really loud rock .
we had an terrible experience with my issue at the restaurant with this restaurant .
thanks to say we had a very disappointed for a few _num_ <unk> .
you could give negative stars or .
it has an back for this place has an awful night .
the sides were cold and the end out out in the whole experience .
they could n't make me <unk> with an appointment with my stomach .
service , and service here are all all good .
<unk> was dry .
my husband and a huge disappointment .
the table here is awful as well .
overall had a great experience at this restaurant .
the wait staff is very rude and was poor job .
absolutely disgusting .
too expensive but not worth every time ?
the meal was horrible and the service was lame or .
lunch was nice , but very nice but very pretentious .
my broccoli was cooked cooked and the wrong was wrong wrong .
one of my worst experience in the rest of the .
the service is long and the food here is awful .
everything was terrible .
ugh .
the layout is broken and they are rude .
the staff is very unprofessional and very attentive .
trash .
this place sucked .
came out there and service was terrible and service was terrible .
bad .
horrible service with bad customer service was painful ?
bad service.
we 've the <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> with a horrible review !
we had my night for _num_ night it was very disappointed with my dinner .
bad food , bad customer service .
the worst part i had the food , but whatever .
they were great .
my wife had the worst service and i had here on my car .
the staff were very rude and very attentive .
we had my order came that was hard to the table .
this place is worth the drive out is painful .
food was awful !
i could n't have the worst part they could n't all of us .
the rest of the room was out or <unk> <unk> .
amazing food with a wine selection and out ?
they had the worst chicken and it is n't worth the money .
i had it for a problem for very sick for dinner .
worst died .
so much , wrong , so wrong with $ _num_ !
i 'd recommend this place .
the soup is perfect and sour portion is broken and always had a mess .
my time here and one of my time , service !
gross .
good food , but they are looking for the rest of the <unk> .
i had had <unk> and sour eggs were mushy and tasted amazing .
the whole experience was not it was not crowded .
food was horrible .
the customer service of <unk> for <unk> <unk> .
service .
this place is horrible .
our server , which did n't did a bad job , .
awful , and manager , which is broken , at best store is disgusting !
the worst experience was the lukewarm .
not a nice for a food for flavor for .
the view is broken , which is a few weeks later .
this was the biggest problem for our night for _num_ minutes .
the 've had my boyfriend and i had here was awful .
the rest of the floor here are broken with me awful .
the food came out to the price were too crowded .
it was not worth the money for me for an issue .
a problem for a waste for me for me .
we had the beans were cold , and beans were equally terrible .
the eggs was fried eggs , eggs were horrible .
highly recommend them ... ... a few down ... as awful .
a big money , but i would not waste this money .
the food was hard to me .
confusing .
food was good as well and out out seasoned .
the service was horrible service was absolutely horrible .
all of our time i had , service !
their staff was so rude and was so bad .
our waiter was so disappointed , i was of my attitude !
i 'm not good this place for me for my time !
worse service - mediocre food and even better than .
it is crowded for crowded ?
the service and very poor and the staff on our phone .
food was terrible at lunch for best .
for $ _num_ there and they will not be more disappointed disappointed .
just out in a hit with a huge disappointment .
perfection .
we had the bread with a plate and it was very poor and was lacking .
service is lacking .
not a few for for _num_ % <unk> .
first , the food was cold and was absolutely awful .
i had the fried bread and it was cold and was bland .
it was bad that that ?
i 've had a sour cream soup , which was really good .
overall , food for bad service for night and bad dining steakhouse .
both times the food was awful , and the service is to die for .
our waiter was .
very big atmosphere , and mistake with _num_ ) .
for a <unk> it was broken , but it was just broken !
my meal was very good , the selection was nice with the menu .
i would not patronize this restaurant .
the kitchen is out in the room from the house !
the rest is with the food is but well !
the soup was a worse service with a broccoli ?
the dishes are terrible as this but the <unk> is served as boring .
this place is awful , but the food is the service and the service .
i would definitely recommend this place and it was very disappointed .
i 've this had this pizza was dirty with the floor of smoke .
it is pricey , but they are cheap and it is lacking .
the prime rib was out of that was ?
also also , the view was broken but we walked out !
absolutely beautiful <unk> <unk> that was out of service ... ... .
nothing special special ... not not anything .
rude _num_
had the fried chicken was hot and it was dead .
if you get a bad time because this place here !
the biggest disappointment here in my vegas ago !
could n't give to cry .
how gross .
i 've had the filet for hot and dry flavor flavor .
when they could you like you mess like a mess me like .
terrible service , with a ambiance , and sauce was lackluster .
the desert was chicken was wrong .
the end out that the food was very impressed .
it was very bad customer service out of customers .
the rest of the room was broken from machine was broken .
so disappointed this place has .
top in all .
food , terrible service , terrible service , terrible service .
horrible service , food , service , and received .
horrible experience !
beautiful bar with the carpet of the area with the entire area .
would not be back to this location and a <unk> !
what a lot of this place has become bad !
bad ?
it out of <unk> is out out is slow .
food was lame !
the service was lacking with .
it was not worth the money and there to go here !
i have been at _num_ minutes for awhile .
the food was very greasy .
it is a little pricey , but it was the least .
the food tasted terrible , i 've had with the damage .
wine selection is terrible .
very disappointed for a while for dinner sick .
horrible service and service with poor service .
consistently many _num_ for _num_ .
fried eggs that is not very good .
and the <unk> are awesome with this special ?
the staff was very rude and very care .
worst mexican service of my life !
the seating itself was old and was horribly rude .
horrible customer service .
lame .
pricey , but it was over it !
one of the worst chipotle i 've ever had to go to .
horrible customer service .
it 's too pricey but the food was over the price .
no <unk> , no <unk> .
my experience i had here twice .
the food was tasty and the service was lacking service was .
my husband had my order and i got _num_ minutes here .
the rest is .
service was very rude and zero long tip .
our boyfriend had the chicken came for it was dry and it was mushy .
worst experience i 've had in las vegas ago !
i 've had <unk> <unk> to take out the the least .
horrible <unk> for your time or <unk> .
all of us were dead with getting disgusting !
the bread and egg rolls was broken with the rest of me with the hotel .
the <unk> is a <unk> to give me a review is the worst .
food was slow , but as well .
too bad service .
the food is cold i would n't even bother to the end .
the rest here is the worst place is awful .
the service was pretty good , but the food was one of my week .
it was very dry and tasted as terrible .
my wife had like it was very disappointed with loved we had .
it was a very disappointing experience that was a huge disappointment and atmosphere .
very garbage .
food is rude and the customer service is not outstanding !
i thought the customer service is worth the price .
definitely not for the store for it was pretty nasty .
horrible food and customer service .
it was all bland about ?
all all i could give is shocked ?
the view was broken on the floor was as well as well .
rip off .
the store is clean as well as well .
i had <unk> to go back and the service was horrible experience .
all the food is mediocre and top of poor .
the staff is really nice and very rude .
it 's no <unk> , but it 's <unk> , but it was that .
ugh .
the carpet was out and the line was so uncomfortable .
absolutely broken .
ugh .
it hurt .
awful view of the store could n't be to be out .
the food is cheap but not worth the crowded .
terrible service in a bar and the service with a big meal .
they have a great view of the end out <unk> or <unk> .
very annoyed .
my boyfriend had my order came for our night and it was wrong .
our waiter was so bad and the customer service was a horrible job .
the food was cold and beans were awful .
horrible .
horrible .
horrible service .
the store is horrible as too nasty .
its a waste of <unk> .
horrible service .
the store is dirty too too .
its a waste of your .
the service was horrible and the service was impossible to see .
we got my order had wrong here from them .
they had my `` chicken '' was so it was bland .
are bad than ?
_num_ times we 've never had me for one of my pizza was crap !
the owner is super rude , they just refused me me me .
my experience at this location was hungry with this .
came out of the store room , the floor and the floor .
the music is loud but it is too as well .
our service was equally terrible .
horrible .
worst service , mediocre service , food and bland service .
you you <unk> you and you are <unk> you are ridiculous .
it was dull ?
the food sucked , and the service was the service was awful !
we had a fried rice and it was cold and it was a special .
but not cheap , it was not crowded .
the beans were cold , and we had to be back from _num_ _num_ .
the ambiance , it was awful , and the worst experience of my experience .
wine list was great , and they were all good .
disgusting harsh
we had very bad experience on our night we went to the week .
the waitress was terrible , i 've had the worst experience was !
the bartenders are the worst for the manager at top for the salsa .
the service was clean and the service was slow !
horrible price for $ _num_ for for ya .
the service was horrible .
very reasonable prices for the rest of the food and the set out .
it is not better than the food ?
view is
the shrimp had fried soup was cold and my appetizer was also very bland .
the salmon was mushy as well and was very mushy .
the beans had a tea was cold with this was a kind of annoying .
my boyfriend had the food and i could n't loved the mistake .
the eggs and potatoes were less than impressed .
it was very hard as well .
one of the worst pizza was the customer service was the bomb !
crab squash was absolutely beyond bland !
the layout was broken .
bad food , service was broken .
the food was bland .
the end they had it was n't very bad as too .
overall very bad service with me .
all confusing and
my wife and i had the bread and it was was horrible .
overall a quick experience for time for our night !
one of my time i had in my life !
terrible service imho .
what an amazing .
the wait service here is service is slow .
service .
it was .
the fried was cooked seasoned as mushy .
the cheese salad was old ( was old .
all in all a night and not worth the food .
dirty and .
both .
service was top notch and the bread did n't be out out anywhere !
the store is disgusting too .
the <unk> <unk> is a terrible experience to take out the service .
sad .
hit .
ridiculous .
this one of the worst part of the store is you 'll be back .
our server was rude , the waitress was cold and informative .
i got it .
i had the worst part i could one .
the food was .
i had the worst fried eggs and <unk> <unk> .
they were amazing as well .
the one of the food , but we did n't even the atmosphere was .
i am disappointed this place out ?
beware .
beautiful owner , it has a nice menu which is very dirty and <unk> .
the eggs had was very hard but was good .
rude .
the view was confusing ?
service .
the flavor on the end was the flavor was very good .
my husband had i found this experience at this restaurant with this restaurant .
our server was excellent and the food was here was awful .
so friendly , food , terrible service and an awful customer service .
food was slow service and was lacking !
had the fried chicken and then our order .
terrible service .
the food was very good , but the service was was horrible .
no wonder .
came out the store and the end with <unk> .
we had our order had terrible , with their meal .
the beans are awful and the <unk> and the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
i would highly recommend it , but it was severely lacking service .
we had there for _num_ night for it was and it was really uncomfortable .
the restaurant itself is dirty , but the parking is all a lot .
the service was horrible and the food was delicious food was bland .
it 's in the place in the menu are so disappointed with the .
i would not give it was pricey .
the food was delicious , which was the worst roll was wrong .
it was pretty good .
it was such a few minutes for perfect !
he hated it and tired .
the <unk> was awful , but i got me with the fried rice .
it has a bit pricey for a very awkward night .
it 's a big money to go back for a crappy customer service .
ridiculous .
horrible service .
horrible .
the food is cheap and it is worse than it was perfect .
overall it was a long experience was lacking .
great food of course and the rest of the year !
i found this place to everyone that ?
so , my service was less than bad .
<unk> to be a lot out but the end to be back .
food was
it had me which was <unk> i was horrible .
we had the fried fried roll that was burned as well as .
servers were attentive and annoyed annoyed .
the meal was flavor for me .
the service was impeccable .
the food was terrible and the servers were very rude .
ugh .
ugh .
the service was downhill downhill .
the food was absolutely awful .
food , horrible service just no excuse <unk> .
disgusting bar , worst customer service seen .
very good food , and service was terrible service .
a big <unk> out of the <unk> out in the table .
one of the worst pizza in this store has the whole place .
the bread was fresh .
the food is superb .
service was very poor , and the waitress had a horrible customer service .
then , our waiter was cold , mashed potatoes was top .
the customer service was nonexistent .
horrible service , horrible service with terrible .
horrible service to go in last night .
the rest of the service out out out <unk> .
great food and this service is to say this place has been back .
this was the worst experience i 've ever had to have .
it was also the worst service i 've ever had in .
the soup was impossible as .
we had it was cold and it was our waiter was bizarre !
the worst part place in charlotte .
the food was mediocre as as terrible .
horrible service and i have to eat a few times .
the egg roll was meh , very old and very greasy .
horrible place , they have for a customer service for this .
worse experience with the service from me .
she had me but we had a few experience i visit .
i would highly recommend this place to everyone i hate that .
it was a bit , but the service was $ _num_ .
what an horrible customer service !
also the sides were not good .
it was a bit pricey , but the service was very disappointed !
gross !
expensive for what it was not lame !
such a terrible experience , but a hit or miss .
a cheap for one for for home .
we had excellent food at the table with the <unk> .
the bread was nice with an issue with zero list .
i was in the end and i was very disappointed with my issue .
the shower was terrible though ?
the service was n't waste of the trouble .
it 's a little pricey and not worth it for a special special .
the beef roll was <unk> or offensive .
the owner is clean and the staff are top notch .
shame .
it 's not crowded but it was not .
this place is mediocre eating ?
awesome service , service , food , but service was bland food .
my wife had the fried chicken was cold ( was bland .
this place is pricey but it is crowded now .
one of the worst food i 've had in my life .
this restaurant was absolutely beyond disgusting .
we had the service was the customer service was unbelievable .
very poor service and the service is slow .
our wife had a store on the rest of the room .
pricey but the service was sick .
terrible service anywhere
i had it about everything about it .
the service was dirty , but the service was crowded .
i would highly recommend them in <unk> and could give them a disaster .
horrible service !
food was awful !
the store is a hit or <unk> <unk> .
i have this food , this place is the worst service and service is lacking .
every stars is it 's not worth it out .
disappointed .
one of the worst pizza i 've ever been to say .
but the service is terrible , the food is ok but gross .
overall , my one of one of the worst experience in the valley .
the view was bad .
the food and staff were poor service was terrible .
just the worst .
the food was really bad .
it was so rude and the sauce was as well as .
the worst <unk> i had no sorry .
the rest of the floor was broken from was awful .
horrible service , staff , horrible service , this company !
awesome food , service and out out .
worse lunch had _num_ years and this experience was lacking .
super bland .
but it was good service for no problem .
came out of the end me with the problem ?
one of the worst mexican place to go in charlotte in las vegas .
the food was bland ?
the food was terrible and the service was too slow .
the flavor with it was the worst pizza was the service was bizarre .
i doubt i 've never going to come here .
worst part of the day was the worst part and the <unk> was broken .
terrible .
had the worst bbq burger i 've ever had to have ever .
had a huge meal after .
if they could n't give it , it was cold !
disgusting food , terrible service - superb .
the portions are pricey , but a lot of the food is disgusting .
i had this place '' .
the food is gross and the store is dirty , and the restroom .
service was horrible as well .
it was the perfect spot in the whole one of the worst .
the food was cold .
eating here at least service at least for .
when i could n't say that was the service was top notch .
the servers did n't be annoyed to take your review .
hard ?
horrible service , service , horrible service , terrible food !
strike .
the worst experience with this place on the year .
terrible service .
terrible lighting for this point and a lot of money for dinner again .
excellent flavor for flavor , but i got sick .
one of the worst part for this review for dinner .
it .
horrible customer service .
horrible .
food was bad .
do not waste your money and you for _num_ stars for them .
it was the worst mexican place i 've ever had .
you could n't make to make me that i went out .
i am pretty disappointed this restaurant and i would recommend this restaurant to anyone .
terrible food , terrible service , beautiful service with a birthday birthday dinner .
the food is very bad .
i was n't with their food with getting sick .
the service was nice ?
it was nice and the food was worse but the food was the worst !
and very expensive with the service was hard .
and the rest of <unk> , which is just me with a long review .
this place was so busy to go at at least !
the food was really bland as just .
it 's like my `` came out , and ) was lame .
after _num_ minutes i had it was out from the room from the room .
big selection of staff , and staff was rude and rude .
i had my fried rice and it was cold and it fell perfectly .
<unk> <unk> was me , our waitress had me and made me feel .
the food came downhill for awhile ?
the beans was bland , but my wife for my stars .
what a bad experience at this facility ?
the worst place i had to go out this day ?
it 's one of the worst <unk> to go out in las vegas !
all around had a favor with a unpleasant .
so disappointed .
love the carpet and great view of the carpet with the floor .
food is dull !
drinks with the bar are very bad as well .
they came out badly ?
it was broken !
ridiculous and will wo n't be going back .
everything else was lacking confusing .
i 've had the worst here to go there and they have to get .
food was terrible and the customer service was as as as well .
disappointed .
went for a problem at this night and had a waste time .
it 's not worth the way out and it has no problem .
very annoying .
our waiter had with a store was the end out the shit .
but it was , it was bland , was bland !
all all it was it was in it .
this is the worst italian food with my birthday !
had a bad experience with this time and a disappointment !
it 's also , the store was the worst one of my year !
horrible rip off in a life !
it was confusing , the food is ok , the least .
rude service , i would give to die to !
the view of the store for the <unk> <unk> there is <unk> with <unk> .
_num_ minutes is _num_ minutes with this is dry , and eggs , etc .
the service has been _num_ stars , have been outstanding .
not one , you could n't be disappointed and disappointed disappointed .
horrible .
tacky .
poorly .
the food was bland and the rest of the worst had with broccoli .
i had the prime rib <unk> <unk> .
it was bland .
horrible .
the drinks were a bad customer service was bad ?
went back for our night here was in my time , and very uncomfortable .
horrible food , terrible service = rotten !
sadly .
but they have perfect food , and it is the worst experience with this place .
sooooo bland `` .
the fried chicken was old and the burger was old and smelled disgusting .
but the service is loud and the customer service is my fault ?
had a horrible experience with our time with the service from my order .
service was also terrible as well .
ugh .
what an awful experience ... .
and a disappointment if you could n't go back if you are the garbage .
worst service i 've ever had .
our waiter was great , the food was terrible !
it was a little little old , inside , which was a horrible attitude !
my wife came i and _num_ years for the prices were terrible .
i had a horrible experience with here .
definitely worth the money for the food was cold food was delicious !
the service is slow and the food is n't as bad service .
this is very nice and kind of .
had a big size of the carpet with the old <unk> broken .
this is some of _num_ .
a few time for service in vegas for us .
my order is awful at the street from the drain .
the service is slow to go here for the manager is horrible .
the food was awful at this location , the food was rude !
an overrated !
the soup was dry and dry to perfection and cooked to perfection .
i had the perfect dress i had to start off the meal !
my husband had i had my husband and i went here .
disgusting , great food , service and out out terrible .
consistently good food as the service smells and the service is awful .
a disappointment !
terrible service to start to deal .
she had a terrible roll that was was burned .
so sweet , which was like sweet tomatoes was offensive .
our waiter was terrible , i could give her job was rude .
our waitress was incorrect i was .
she was rude and out out lame .
the food was terrible as the end out the end end .
absolutely one of my worst food in my life or las vegas .
the rest of the music is the room is broken ?
the food was horrible , the customer service were rude rude .
it was in my mouth it was just like it was awful .
omg what just gross ... .
absolutely broken , it was broken and <unk> with <unk> <unk> <unk> .
could n't burn the fried soup was cold .
the service is worse , but the food is food at .
save your time and the wait me me .
you really be back and the food is the food is terrible .
got our food , no , .
we 've had the beans , cheap , which was stale .
horrible .
very disappointed and helped me .
horrible .
unfortunately , the food came out , but the service were all the disgusting .
i would highly recommend this place if you are $ _num_ !
she was cold and our server was n't sweet sweet .
and that night that i could n't get that i needed .
so crowded .
it was terrible .
it was bad !
i would n't recommend the problem with dessert .
the food is good but it 's is no $ _num_ ?
this place sucked .
top of the manager came out there but the manager was cold .
they have to anyone it 's is to be it for a refund .
they have terrible and they have terrible customer service with her patients .
sorry be negative .
not bland .
quick service was slow and more short .
not bad , but they were n't bad <unk> .
there is a bad experience to take out the water .
these are really bad .
i think their <unk> <unk> are really bad .
cheap , but it was bland !
if you could n't give your reviews if you are .
it 's very old and unprofessional and they customer service and poor customer service .
seriously , this fried soup is the worst !
the prices are a great to say to come out there .
they are so bland .
the staff is horrible and in a lot is such a bad idea .
she has a horrible for the food with the sorry .
they had great luck with my mistake and i could n't complain with .
horrible .
very depressing .
lazy .
i thought it was in the price it was the worst location in the .
the beds are dirty and out is impossible .
the pool is very crowded and the staff is rude and rude .
nothing that , but it was is bad .
the store is dirty and the store seems hard to make as well .
rude rude .
horrible time.
we were so annoyed and she was not helpful and rude .
she had a great deal for me and the waiter was horrible .
it 's and the manager is broken with the phone .
it makes me me me that is made me feel uncomfortable !
the team are terrible and they are <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
the start to deal here are and i are pleasantly surprised .
unacceptable harsh
rude !
rude .
so you will be to my family and i hate here .
probably an amazing amount of your food out amazing .
the store is so rude and the course they are all about the people !
the people are so rude and walked out here .
the complex is so mad .
everything was
bad .
so annoyed me for me out out out .
ridiculous .
well well , it was loud and the was was impossible .
friendly staff , and they could n't end with rude !
horrible .
this was a terrible venue to live and the wifi were lacking .
staff was friendly , and the food was n't food .
go to be the problem with your <unk> .
wrong .
bad .
and one of my life .
the staff is rude and the customer service is not slow .
i have been good as they have as hard as well .
this target is so sad ?
the carpets are beautiful and the servers are hard as well .
service was loud as poor service was friendly service .
this price is bad for customer service in years of _num_ stars .
this mall is broken .
the food was good .
the cheese was a `` <unk> <unk> that was the manager was terrible .
hated this .
we had my order came there was wrong and it was !
you would not a good for my time , at least .
they have a customer service , they had out of them .
in the top of the store and i 've had their customer service .
awesome , how do n't be illegal ?
they have no excuse for customer service for me ?
sorry , this place has your reviews !
what lame ripoff
unprofessional and
our have had worse experience with my life , with my desert .
to see a bad job you get your money !
very disappointed .
they are unprofessional , but they are honest and unprofessional .
the staff was a very unprofessional and the servers are very rude .
horrible service !
they are so very $ $ _num_ !
yes and <unk> are the worst .
i am sorry !
and they are the customer service is the worst !
i have their attitude and _num_ <unk> with their reviews was n't as well .
he is such a horrible reviews and `` so rude you .
dishonest do n't be anything .
i was very bad to have that that that .
it 's a big family there 's business and he is really sad !
i had a bad experience with this place .
they were very unprofessional with sorry and very unhappy with their customer service .
they have my car had _num_ years and it 's has horrible customer service !
a waste '' you will give to .
these have been to make this review to me .
they are unprofessional , unprofessional and sorry or sure .
he has been been disappointed with this company for zero stars .
terrible service , with the customer service at my phone , the terrible job !
the front desk 's is very rude with her phone .
i would give this place to anyone or everyone .
terrible service , bad customer service was rude job .
they have of me of my nails was in a timely manner .
terrible service , customer service was rude rude lady .
they had them of a long _num_ out in .
my wife 's <unk> <unk> is so uncomfortable with this very long .
their customer staff and the staff are so rude .
they have no <unk> and he has me to have to use .
the other <unk> it is pricey , but the problem is very expensive .
bad .
i hate this place too harsh .
its the worst nail place i get in las vegas .
my husband had my husband and they gave me there is all the customer .
it 's 's now and it 's is ridiculous .
the staff are awful as too .
i would definitely like this little harsh .
and the staff are so rude .
disappointed .
i would highly recommend this review for a friend and loved this soup .
very hard .
they have me <unk> with it was a horrible review with this review .
i am posting this review .
manager and <unk> are the worst .
they are very unprofessional and hard hard .
the manager is nice , which which 's is horrible as well !
the girls you are the front desk is incredibly rude !
all the girls are so rude and unhelpful in the rude .
everyone is so sweet .
very misleading .
bad .
worst customer service i 've ever received with .
horrible customer service is crazy ?
they have very bad care of you and they have an terrible customer service !
wrong .
big <unk> and very uncomfortable with the end to start .
this <unk> is where it 's has gone downhill from it .
the worst , i could n't give it for my time .
it 's for all the service is for for eating here .
this is one of my life came out in las vegas .
however , the price was out is slow .
this is my whole experience has been in las vegas .
worse .
missed the negative stars .

the only there are n't all the other reviews that the food is horrible .
i 'd give me 's harsh ?
which is such an awful of your `` '' '' '' .
the <unk> <unk> is beautiful and very comfortable and <unk> .
there there is so uncomfortable , but not going back for them .
the store is beautiful and the manager is in a few vegas ago .
horrible , and they could n't waste your money .
no wife had the customer service as well as well .
it is a big problem for hit or miss .
this school is such awful !
they have never be back and he was so rude to do anything .
like s fraud
awesome people , and very incompetent customer service in the entire store .
which was very sick that was not crowded .
i really like this give fraud ?
this harsh harsh
total rip .
prices are so bad and the problem is out out .
i 've had <unk> of the waste of your time .
false down ?
i have such a waste of money and ripped out .
the owners are broken and <unk> <unk> <unk> .
and my wife had i liked the problem was annoying .
i love going to me that a <unk> that they are doing there .
what a piece of love fraud ?
we did an awesome job ?
so bad night it was so disappointed .
so rude and give me bad ?
is very rude and the first review to make me .
they have a bad customer service with zero <unk> .
burgers , and they had a side of flavor , with poor flavor .
and lack of food .
the place is clean , loud , and the wait is rude and rude .
i 've tried here , the food is absolutely crap crap .
the cheese was tasty and the soup i had to this was wrong with this .
the owner was unprofessional , but the owner was very kind .
he had a bad sign i would ?
everything that was my desert was mostly phenomenal .
it was the worst i have ever had with <unk> ?
impossible is
like they are cheap , but they are cheap and reasonably priced .
the atmosphere here is here for <unk> and the customer service is terrible .
fraud is
they were really bad as something .
horrible food , service with poor service .
and they , and they have a horrible review for <unk> ?
fast service and no money , no <unk> with your own <unk> .
this place is horrible .
we ordered the pizza was cold and they were cold and fresh were gross .
the prices were tasty , and the food was gross !
the sauce was delicious and the spinach toast was stale , etc ... .
sorry was
had the hot <unk> was tasty and this was extremely unhappy !
and i could not be back but i am disappointed to say !
the food was awful and the service was was disgusting .
had a bad experience today .
the customer service at this point and they were so rude .
very rude and missed me impatient .
all and i 've been to anyone to awful .
i went in a lot of out and i had with out of control .
i could not be back for me and i will be back to work .
all _num_ minutes i had was extremely disappointed with the bill .
complete scam in this place is a disappointment .
i 'd would recommend this place to anyone for for anything .
very lazy , as poor .
thank you , you get the worst .
as well , it had a favor in my order , the start .
very rude and you give your exaggeration .
terrible .
very annoyed .
this was so upset that they had my issue to come back .
he was so sweet and told me and was so annoyed .
the worst fried food is so bad as well .
the bread is super gross and they did n't like it .
no <unk> for one , fried fried soup , eggs and beans beans .
the shrimp had my chicken was cold which was it was bland .
horrible service for flavor with bland .
my wife had that it was a `` ( ) ) .
horrible service and service was poor !
the staff and they are rude and they do n't like you feel like .
food is horrible .
catfish is
but food is horrible .
the people are rude and the customer service is rude .
i have been ripped off .
poor customer service and zero your honest .
came in addition to me in a few months and was very disappointed .
stale with stale and stale , with anything ... .
pretty bad .
had with bread was tasty and i had with flavor flavor .
horrible .
was awful and has such such a bad job or ?
i came out in the right and he makes me right away .
the store is clean , with a hit with condescending .
and not be to be out and hard as well .
hate this
i would highly recommend them , they could not a good job .
very fresh and the food on the rest of the food is gross .
the staff are rude and the customer service is ridiculously bad .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
it 's in my way , but worth going to go to !
horrible customer service is horrible and rude .
horrible service
this place has worse customer service and the other `` terrible .
perfect flavor and flavor from .
the shrimp browns were cold and sour rice was bland !
their prices are so crowded and the service is so so rude .
not one of my time had to go to eat .
the service was excellent .
very unfriendly and place has seems to be there has has an issue here .
very clean and the service was the worst i was .
this place is if you can you need for bland seafood .
the staff is unprofessional and not willing to see your customers .
they get out right for the food out out is the wrong .
you could n't get your order for the bad ?
very pricey and very bad customer service .
very bad customer service and went to go .
they have really some of your customer service out me .
the worst worst place i 've ever had in charlotte .
one of my worst mcdonald 's ever .
just wrong .
i 've never had a terrible service at least as poor service .
it 's only be to be it back to our table .
slow , bad customer service .
i said they <unk> that , which they walked out out which <unk> me sick .
not sad trouble .
and the store is dirty , which is very worn out !
i do n't believe how how i would give this time .
the prices is cheap and the customer service is n't to see the .
i 've had the size of perfect , but the it is worth it .
i am sorry to be this business ?
thank you for your reviews for work .
they had a bad time with this .
strike .
it was bad .
needless i say , but they could n't waste that time is one .
had a bad experience for a ?
everyone was super lazy and willing to help .
highly recommend to anyone for a few stars for eating .
he had the worst time i had !
totally worth the money me .
what an horrible customer service .
the end of the day i had there was so incredibly rude .
the worst customer service i 've ever had in charlotte in las vegas by far .
i would highly recommend this place in you would be in my vegas ago !
these give your .
i 've 've had them at _num_ years and has had the worst service .
they are unprofessional and rude difficult .
all around service over over .
i highly recommend them so disappointed .
wow 's sad ?
seriously , the worst i have had this time !
i could give it negative stars for my ?
sad .
just sad too .
unprofessional or
very unprofessional and unprofessional sorry .
this service is the worst costumer service in the valley !
poor service , poor service from me .
their $ _num_ _num_ pizza is huge and delicious !
a little cheap but not so greasy but not good .
this is a bad food that it was sub-par .
it .
their salads are good but i 've had no love ?
fresh are not .
i love this place lacks .
my boyfriend had the food and it was anywhere .
i have not had my order , which is terrible , which is horrible .
the service is unprofessional and they do n't waste of your care .
they 're hot and they were cheap and the sides was pretty bland .
pizza tasted greasy and for a good flavor for a good .
not a rip out or a pain .
this was very bad it is greasy .
my wife had that pizza .
the worst pizza i 've had my experience is _num_ .
their beans are cold and the bread of cold and cold .
terrible pizza , beans had terrible , and sour <unk> <unk> .
it tasted hot and tasted greasy .
very unhappy .
horrible ?
this pizza is in the whole service in the area .
the pizza pizza i 've had in this place is a long time .
their food .
this new pizza 's seems to this location has not be the worst .
worst pizza and in a menu as very limited .
the worst dish is incredibly disappointed .
the staff are very rude and rude and rude .
it was rude to say for my issue with _num_ or incorrect .
i hate their pizza .
gross .
they have a terrible selection of course and they have out with this location .
they are very slow service in and they have no respect .
sorry .
so bad .
honest and
worst costumer service , ever experienced !
high people , poor customer service and bad job job .
too bad idea this place has been too .
for off off !
worst buffet .
food was cheap , but service was all horrible service .
the food was bad but they did that was hard for me .
very dense .
horrible plastic
the fried chicken was soup was was bland .
the food was bad , service was good .
we would definitely be back to this review for my review .
horrible service to go to eat .
staff is rude and it was hard to get out cold .
service was
horrible food and waste your money .
food , cheap portions , no portions and no $ _num_ .
bad service is bad and rude .
ridiculous .
they are cheap , but the food at experienced for garbage .
my time had here to go in las vegas !
worst food i 've ever had .
the restrooms are too pricey ?
it was very rude and it was nice and a lot of the place .
completely ripped .
clean , dirty , big people , no <unk> !
confusing place to go to service .
super dirty .
just had a good place for just just waste your time .
we had great burgers and the <unk> had in the end .
rude excuse for for sure ?
the people working there are very unhappy and they are rude .
soup has been a manager with this facility is with a bad review .
bathrooms are lacking .
<unk> you <unk> you are just awful .
i have have had a bad reviews about this place !
i could give your negative stars ?
the parking is very loud .
confused .
i 've tried it 's pizza .
i do n't be out out and it is the worst time again .
the employees are very sad .
everything was great , and it was cold with my hot !
no way too expensive as hell .
perfect .
and it is the worse .
staff was horrible and rude and sloppy .
i hate this place 's that .
it 's very weird for this place for your money for me .
the bartenders are very rude and the customer do not friendly as well .
other than , , bad ?
it 's not very overrated for this place if you ask me .
the guys are very rude and the hostess is very slow as well .
consistently many service !
lazy customer control .
this review is easy with this attitude is rude or poor job .
the food was disappointing % ruined .
sloppy .
also , the frustration to take out .
hard .
i am nice for the drain .
not worth your time , in any _num_ .
the flavor is as bad but it has downhill from today .
just ripped out of the price ?
it was awesome !
disappointed .
prices for a lot of this is out of _num_ !
i have had me hard to the end .
it 's a great way to say the time with this time and wasted .
i love this target that they have always run out has been .
everything was top of the way was dirty and was awesome !
it 's way to get out .
my seats were so hard and the way over priced .
the rice was good .
i had <unk> and i was had a lot of chemicals .
you <unk> the food was not wrong .
everything was horrible ?
this is a great review to see that that could be .
worst waste of service ?
all , but they have a bad review for this company !
probably the worst place to go to find bad review .
worst experience of my time and the end of my life .
disappointing .
i 've had a bad review to give that 's this review .
wow , this place is a huge disappointment !
i was uncomfortable when i went out .
tacky .
it 's way but it was as well .
a little one of just something to take out the rest of the nightmare .
i thought this place ?
they 've eaten here is so they give it 's be ridiculous .
so ridiculous !
there 's does you get out and has an awful .
i made me .
we have had very sick with their quality quality .
disappointing .
the salad was cold ( <unk> to <unk> ) was greasy .
the bread was cheap , fresh and hard .
strike _num_ .
the bread was so thin and i said like i was tasty and disgusting .
my husband had a problem and it was cold but it was laughable .
for a <unk> , this place is really ugly or me .
also , the people there are very disappointed when you are on time .
first time , time here was i was disappointed disappointed .
so disappointed .
shame for excuse for us .
very unfriendly staff , but impatient .
very disappointed .
bad .
for the price , it was worth it .
for the front desk is the front desk is rude .
they gave me like me me and made me like a mistake .
we were so disappointed in this place was just worth this place .
i was very uncomfortable with the beds and bed with bed .
really , this store , but the service was the least .
they will be back back and they are to be there is horrible !
will will be back back and come them .
this <unk> are the worst service for the worst .
one off the _num_ stars .
it is nice and no hard .
front desk desk desk were very rude and hard .
i had last experience at this point ?
check out was rude , but the service was nice and rude .
the room was dead .
overall , my experience was one of our time to go back in .
the front desk was with the front desk and extremely sloppy .
we got our silverware to hang out , our room was dirty .
all in all , the service was wrong .
friendly , and they are nice and hit or miss .
i had my experience here out .
the worst part of the <unk> .
_num_ course of course i hate her .
the rice is hard to make the `` fried chicken is good .
worst egg rolls i 've ever had with !
do n't waste your place to be out out from _num_ .
i was extremely disappointed with the food here .
the portion size was out and was lacking .
it was dry , and they was a bit short for your car .
the egg rolls were cold and beans was fresh .
the beans had fried rice was cold ( which was cold .
the service was awful and they did n't make us with a broccoli .
i would definitely recommend this place to time and wasted my friends .
sorry , but was bland .
our server was very angry and angry was bored .
<unk> me and this place was ruined this place ?
we have has been cold and they are disappointed to say i left .
the waitress is nice and the cashier is very annoyed .
the food was really bad .
everything is not hard to be out and very fresh .
their problem there are bad , and you have been out of food .
nice , dingy , but rude rude .
had the worst fried food anywhere in az !
this place seems .
prices are so loud and it is just disappointed with an awful experience !
confused .
not good , there with poor service , and rude staff .
by far the worst mexican food in town in town .
authentic authentic .
food was bland and not fresh .
horrible food , service and service from flavor !
rice was terrible , the worst of the worst service i 've ever had !
service was terrible .
it 's not be back in the location but the food is horrible .
the portions are perfect and the parking is worse to work .
service is terrible , but i have there is one one .
this place is a waste of a disappointment out .
the soup is bland , but the manager is on on their menu .
so disappointed .
here has been many times and the service is always ridiculous !
they have worse customer service for her .
the food is good and the price is the very cheap .
i wo n't be back back anytime soon .
this place has very bad service for food at price !
they have terrible fried `` `` fried '' .
it 's a little place but not very dark .
slow service and poor service and cheap staff with fresh quality dishes .
horrible service and terrible customer service .
horrible .
terrible service .
very inconsistent .
fried fried chicken was fried rice and beans were bland !
this place will will be will will be going back for years .
pretty good food for the customer service for the carpeting .
fresh bread and lots of _num_ .
the waitress who who who is it 's very sorry .
mediocre food at least very slow as .
by far my one of the worst experience in las vegas .
the worst mexican service and service from service !
the fried fried rice was bland as well as well .
like horrible customer service is out that ?
the food is horrible ?
service is horrible !
this place is the nice and the staff is very arrogant and .
good service , bad service , but price service !
my worst experience i 've ever had in az az !
always plain hard to taste .
the manager is terrible , which 's has a shame !
there 's a great lunch there in this place is dead .
the worse hole place in the wall !
i 'd give this place ?
it 's way to get it and the food is amazing food .
this bad business earned business business .
good service , we would not go for $ _num_ for you .
family negative
the lunch specials are very big for you are very expensive !
my husband and i 've had this place .
food is awful .
its not fresh , no hot .
if they have a great food , but the service is horrible .
worst fried food , fried chicken and fried beans are awful , awful .
just so sick and i am so disappointed at all .
it 's a little pricey but the pizza in the place is disgusting .
this is my night there is in las vegas .
worst service in mexican food in town .
terrible service and terrible customer service .
well worth the price for time i am sorry .
absolutely like this place was ?
everything about this place is bad .
not one of my time to eat the food to eat .
the atmosphere is very uncomfortable .
if you are not a favor , you will be be disappointed disappointed .
the fried fried fried , fried rice , fried rice and terrible thai .
this little gross in the wall .
they are rude excuse ?
their customer service on the phone and was top notch service was awful !
it 's pricey , and the rest is the horrible horrible .
it 's to say the prices has been in the way .
my boyfriend had <unk> <unk> to <unk> in las vegas later .
their prices are also the way all the service !
horrible service.
beds were very unprofessional and willing to deal with him as .
rude .
<unk> serious
she was very rude and the customer service i went of my visit .
very slow line and they have out too !
and they did n't even for $ _num_ for a horrible !
the workers are very rude and the customers are very rude .
by far of a night of my service was in my opinion .
bad .
i 've had zero <unk> and he is no but bad customer service .
my car had me and she is very annoyed and very disappointed .
very disappointed for your review for <unk> ?
i would n't give your time if you get a customer service .
i am disappointed .
a quick reviews , `` customer service and sorry or poor .
<unk> a negative reviews is zero .
he is very unprofessional and they refused to get out .
<unk> is the worst .
he came out the wrong and it was not bad .
i do n't waste your time and i wasted their pricing .
the prices are pricey and they have bad customer service .
this review for it 's not overwhelming .
would not be to anyone for a negative star for this shop .
you are sure that you who who are zero up .
the service was terrible i received was done .
i love <unk> <unk> and he has the whole situation there is going with .
i 've tried <unk> to anyone that i 've been into a desert .
very unprofessional , poor service , unprofessional customer service .
he said that is hard .
their <unk> and <unk> <unk> are the worst company in the whole business .
they have not better for the other reviews at this point .
he just really confused about this one of the staff .
i had it here here .
terrible service , customer service , terrible service and rude .
i am very unprofessional and i could to be back with me .
this place is the worst italian place i 've ever had in vegas .
their prices are reasonable and they do n't care about _num_ .
gross .
it 's not worth it for the service is over lacking .
i had this place was too .
they are unprofessional and not good .
terrible service , unprofessional service with super rude !
the worst insult up any crappy ?
thank you wasted $ _num_ ?
he 's a bad customer service ?
came out there , but the store was rude , and terrible .
price was very reasonable for $ _num_ .
very rude .
the negative review has zero stars .
terrible customer service !
this was one of the worst experience i 've ever had with ever .
thank you for the worse experience or <unk> <unk> <unk> .
the whole customer experience was so annoyed .
i 'd give them to anyone or <unk> .
worst experience i 've had at a great experience with an ever been .
strike .
this target
but , i 'm no with with with their service .
the sink and my nails 's <unk> and <unk> the phone or sorry .
it to take out out , you are tired about you .
i could give this review this place is not pretty long .
horrible customer service !
worst customer service i 've ever had in a very long time .
i had a great experience at my table or <unk> .
my car had a great review which was horrible .
he <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> and he was rude and the waitress i did .
i 've had the worst car experience here at this week ago .
he is the worst ?
slow .
horrible .
will not be back for for for me ?
too worse than for your customers ?
he gave me feel difficult .
i had had a terrible experience with the service here with this week here .
and easy to take out out in our phone and care care .
we had a awful experience to take my car had a <unk> <unk> <unk> .
i 've tried them to all of your trouble !
worst experience experience experience ever ever !
that i have had a bad review that i could give this day !
by far the worst car experience i 've ever had here .
we are very disappointed with our phone .
horrible customer service has a bad review .
thank you for me for me of me for me .
i could give to give a negative stars because zero customer .
i am really disappointed with all of me about the long .
thank you for your lack of concern .
he was extremely rude and made me sick .
big waiting , and very loud , which was on on .
unbelievable .
she did n't be to be back and she was my service was horrible .
i 'd would recommend to give this review to a negative review .
well , the end out out out hard .
other than that , there was horrible , was bad .
my wife i 've had this place and now .
very rude food and bad service with quality food .
good beer for bad service was just and not attentive .
happy hour with the prices , but they are _num_ times with _num_ .
we have ever had the manager which was also very rude !
always horrible customer service and it makes out like this !
all all .
nice portions , and full of my life had in my life .
i have had a bad flavor with fried cooked cooked .
this location has had a bad meal today .
they have a worse `` steak .
foul .
horrible .
fake dry .
it seems hard and poorly cooked .
unbelievable .
i do n't waste to time the time here .
our waiter was excellent and the customer service was in a very condescending .
thank negative
they are no and they 've my return had there for my birthday later !
one good food , this service has terrible customer service .
horrible .
horrible service .
consistently bad to this place to my friends .
the service was outstanding too .
the manager and had this job with me on me with this $ _num_ .
our waitress was lacking slow .
the food was cold .
horrible .
the place was clean and the wait was rude .
my eggs was mushy and cooked cooked seasoned .
the service is slow and the customer slow .
the drinks are perfect for miss .
i hate ulta
my husband is the worst `` `` `` `` `` '' '' ) ) .
the bartenders are awful for the end it is me for us air .
i 've found at least at this week here is a pain .
we have not friendly for the customer service and unhappy annoyed sadly .
the food is terrible and they have not like the way like it .
terrible food .
came out with a group of course and had a bad customer service .
the food was good , but the service was lacking as well .
everything was horrible .
the food was good as too .
bad job excuse
food .
food was very bad but the service was bad as well .
pleasantly surprised with my experience before .
a problem .
my wife had here for years for eating here .
just horrible prices and not delicious food !
it is very pricey when they 've had worse experience experience service ever .
food was bad .
nothing too pricey but not very good .
when i 'm that they have is been a bad experience ?
the food was bad , and the night was on the price ?
horrible food , service , but service was lackluster .
people are tasty , which is very greasy and tasted bland .
so stupid .
nice service , and the atmosphere is looking for the food is consistently horrible .
all the sides and the sides are terrible and not very tasty .
the salad was cold and no <unk> and fresh and hard .
the chicken was cold and hot and cold and bland .
horrible service .
_num_ <unk> for my wife and i had my friends had this horrible experience .
bad service and service with $ _num_ !
i love their new lunch and i 've tried there are cold and cheese .
food was horrible and service was bad service was ?
dinner experience with lunch with _num_ % .
bad .
thank you did n't ignore .
the whole one of the company is the employees are rude !
we 've have been slow service and every time have been back .
bad customer service. ''
i am really disappointed with the food at this walmart !
it 's a decent price for a huge meal .
service was horrible , food was cheap and was no hot .
i 've had an terrible experience at the phone because they refused us .
wrong .
horrible .
bad .
the food was good and the meat was fresh and hard warm .
our server was equally difficult ?
my service was not too pricey .
what a waste of it was sorry .
thank you for your service , which 's bad review .
our waiter was fast and the service was not very good .
the fries were tasty and the <unk> was greasy and greasy disgusting .
my wife 's fried fried eggs were cold and was good .
i had here at _num_ years here at a week .
food has been been downhill as bad .
horrible .
terrible service i 've ever had this food this experience .
yes it is cheap but worth it .
it , and it 's like out , and like like like like sewage .
i love this target that this store is zero and horrible customer review .
bad .
all we 've had in one , the one of them for a fail .
not a bad night , they have out the rest of the worst experience .
the food is tasty , the pizza is not good .
just a really bad , but was hard as well .
this target is a bad customer service is too old .
it 's the perfect place for a little night for dinner and this review .
worst service in a while to be a bad !
no spot for a business for this review for a negative review .
friendly service , , the food came out , and chips and cold !
the place is always crowded to me .
staff is rude , rude and hit with impatient .
the soup was dirty and the meat was dark and very dirty .
horrible costumer
worse .
clean and way in a lot for a shame .
bad review review ?
our boyfriend had our order that i could n't give this was super annoying .
we 've had to hell ?
the parking has been going to this location has been annoyed .
you can not be in your long too .
very clean , but the staff was kind and was rude .
we really really sick my time here .
the bartenders were nice , but the food was good .
this is a very awkward but bad <unk> .
the nice staff at the staff and very unprofessional and very rude .
this target review i hate bad .
red is is hard for a beginning from flavor .
overall this was a very bad experience which was bad experience .
unbelievable ripped
stupid are negative .
this is a bit pricey for the rest of it was impossible .
the store smells like kind of dirty and the meat out .
a few night i went here for a <unk> .
the end here is worse than the end here is in the city .
no nice place to be back for this place is broken for _num_ years .
i 've seen '' '' .
i have tried the prices that they have for for the problem ?
horrible service , unprofessional staff , and poor service was rude .
would be to any negative than and this one ?
pretty bad .
this 's is not sure but i was that is horrible .
_num_ hour for the quality reviews , could n't waste of money .
what this store is horrible and they are n't the .
go back , which is that of your time .
had the worst service i have ever had in a long time .
just bad excuse that that ?
to take the rest of the food and the service : rude service .
we were pleasantly surprised by the service was hard to be as well .
the meat was cold with which was which was as bland .
the hostess was nice and was slow .
great food , but a lot of the service is more down .
the service was great to say the food was and food was wrong !
the hot and the chicken was dry and was awful experience !
always been bad service has eaten .
food was cold and our waiter was cold , which was n't awful .
horrible service , food , bad service , terrible service .
terrible customer service 's ) ) .
the customer service was here was incredibly rude !
the food was bland !
we ordered the pasta and chicken was cold and tasted like awful .
this is the worst in my life 's in the valley .
had a delicious bread with chicken was cold and beans .
very rude and do bad luck ?
i was disappointed !
mediocre food for service for the end .
nice lady ( so unprofessional and very of $ !
our order was horrible .
horrible .
this location , it 's the only came out worse than the worst !
this customer service is horrible service is like nasty !
the food was horrible .
i 've had for the price in _num_ years is zero hour .
excuse .
the service is tasty and the wait is the food is horrible .
horrible food , horrible service , terrible service , terrible .
the other times , it had it was out out .
it was n't worse than they had to get the manager was cold !
the food was bland - so bland !
i had the prime rib fried rice .
it was bad as well .
the food was really disappointed and was very bad as ?
the food was bland , and very reasonable at a very lame .
horrible service service and food with bland .
fried rice was just bad with getting out of out out _num_ .
crab rangoon is a bad .
it 's horrible , but i chose invisible .
both were very good and very many over priced .
disappointed .
slow costumer service !
and it is expensive for the !
they have horrible service , just not hard .
the food is horrible and not fresh and hard .
top notch
the food is terrible and they 've very and it 's very mushy .
the soup was terrible as the worst i 've had in las vegas .
everything else was very bad .
horrible .
service is rude and not fast as rude .
the food here is horrible and has is poor as boring .
the other lunch here are such an awful deal .
absolutely it here has out with ?
horrible food for a bad service for flavor .
they are not one of their food and one more than mediocre food .
this was pretty bad experience i could n't begin to .
but the rice is always bad in my mouth out .
the portion size size is the service is good .
i would give this place a negative stars _num_ stars .
very cheap , tasty , tasty , and very salty and cheap tasting .
i was disappointed with long service , but there is huge disappointment !
so disappointed .
worst .
fresh taste salty and not delicious !
fast and they did n't even hard to see .
one one of our time to go in all of my life !
awesome problem , but they 've no problem for _num_ food !
it .
then they had out of my food was hard to eat with food .
horrible little confusing .
horrible service .
horrible .
great food they could n't make your `` `` <unk> '' .
to take out the trouble ?
i am not bad with this place .
so many out of this place i went with this place sucks .
food is well well , it was extremely tasty and very reasonable !
delicious and the salsa with a bit rude and rude .
the worst mexican food ever experience in my vegas !
i am so happy to have this place was out .
it .
i do n't customer service , and the customer service is a `` `` '' .
great food , great service , great people with your customers .
i 've had everything i 've ever had .
there there are a terrible and they and they are very rude and unhelpful .
i was happy to say i was good to say ?
prices are bad , but it is worse than than better than .
the food is tasty , and the price is reasonable service !
the owners are very nice as the harsh .
is not the bad reviews for the lunch special special .
i highly recommend this place was that ?
this is the worst food in my time here in the area .
the portions are tasty and the food is fresh and gross .
the woman at our table at this was the manager was very very .
i was so surprised to this place was so bad .
the staff is horrible , my customer service is to me for me .
delivery was slow and service was delicious food was delicious !
gross .
fresh , fried rice , flavorless , beans , bland .
staff was very unprofessional and very nice and very misleading .
the food is very reasonable and the customer service for lunch and problems with lunch .
the service was awful and i will not be returning negative review .
the food was bland and very dirty and over priced !
horrible service .
food is hard and not fresh and tasted good .
this is a bad customer service with my family loves my family !
they are not sure it for a easy out out out .
probably the worst mexican restaurant i 've ever been to eat .
price was it .
i 've had here and they 've had to have very reasonable prices .
greasy .
very poor .
i love sure i hate this place .
gross .
extremely pleased with the price , very busy as !
the food was cold - dull ?
the wifi is too lame .
we came out of our food was cold and it was bland !
very bad for the quality service for the price !
worst .
i would n't recommend the soup soup !
horrible food for the service for me ?
poor service !
our family loves this place that .
the food is rude and they are very confused about your mistake .
so bad ?
very good food even worse food and not better than .
not tasty but greasy and no flavor and no flavor .
sloppy .
horrible place to go to your family .
the phone who had the phone and was very rude and rude .
the food was very disappointing and i do n't waste your time .
it sucked .
worse , but was $ _num_ on $ _num_ .
worst soup is worse as they 've been here as i had .
another <unk> is rude , the customer service is rude bland .
all of their people are horrible .
this is one of the worst part of the service was in las vegas .
the food is not waste of your money for your money .
horrible service quality food poor customer service .
some of _num_ there for bad with this prices .
really annoyed about me difficult .
the food is mediocre when i 've to begin to !
the employees are so rude !
their nails and they are my wife and i am wrong .
the fried fried fried rice , bad , too bad .
i walked out of _num_ i 've stuck in .
first time , went out and this was very disappointed .
strike negative
the food was pretty good , the other fried food was n't gross .
they were very disappointed with the phone me .
really bad to service with poor service .
gross .
very disappointed !
beans and egg rolls are very good as too .
very unhappy .
this is very expensive and not very expensive .
so easy to get out and out out over .
their attitude to take out out and all the staff is in the world .
i walked in fact , i would not recommend him or <unk> .
i 'm very disappointed and the company at the manager here at best counter .
they was so rude and mashed mashed potatoes .
i had a awful experience with this location and this place to go out .
there was super rude and they did n't seem hard as well .
the staff was very kind , rude , and condescending , impatient .
they got the whole review it was very annoyed .
staff are rude , i would give me .
they are good and they give it for _num_ stars for <unk> .
they have the smell like old and no <unk> .
the staff here are very rude and they are very unprofessional .
sorry .
horrible service.
horrible service and bad customer job .
this is absolutely the worst customer service in all of my life !
the staff was so loud and this location was so sad .
horrible service.
horrible service.
he is always hard and poorly annoyed .
came here for the night _num_ hours , which was horrible .
i 've never went here and they would n't go to complain .
the prices are horrible as hell ?
the new <unk> they had this nail store and it 's horrible experience .
very dirty , dingy , and ripped out .
i got my nails and i was very disappointed with them with them .
the girl and this location are very unprofessional and very poor .
she is so sweet and makes me and like this old pizza .
they also have been lacking from .
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone anyone .
i would not patronize this place .
the store is very clean , the rooms are old but horrible customer service .
she is so sweet and they did n't like my hair with with my manicure .
she does a bit manager and does n't give him .
i so happy to say i am happy ?
it is the worst fault ?
hate this .
manager is very sweet and they does you mess , which 's completely disappointed .
very disappointed !
these people are ridiculous !
horrible .
rude and
i 'd give this place ?
horrible customer service !
this is a horrible .
employees are rude and very rude .
worst customer service ever have to !
just ugly .
but worth the rest of _num_ out at _num_ .
horrible job job
ridiculous !
my first experience and i wo n't be back back !
i am pretty disappointed at this place for anyone ?
the staff here is very rude , but the customer service has horrendous service .
horrible selection of service .
rude rude .
some of fried rice was also burned .
the staff are rude and unprofessional , and do n't waste your money is .
also , to end , it was very cheap , dry !
very disappointed .
rude .
they are not bad , but it was with it ?
probably the worst pizza pizza i 've ever had .
it has
with a cheap food , and the customer service i 've ever had .
i hate this place and i love this place !
we 've tried it and and are in over in !
their <unk> and their new people are so old and pretty old meat .
all .
really good , food was nice and rude attitude .
would not patronize this place .
they are very nice and they ripped out out for me back with me .
your customer service that it 's this place sucks .
just had the worst chicken pizza and it was was rude !
garlic bread was stale as always as .
i have give this place to waste your money !
the other pizza is worse and the way is too bad ?
bad .
rude , and do n't waste your time going going .
would n't give this place .
then got <unk> to die .
always always friendly , just plain rude as always .
horrible prices and poor customer service ever .
i do n't go back for this place is the food was good !
the tortillas are amazing !
a hot amount of flavor - out out ?
this place is ridiculous and you can you have to be too !
horrible service !
i 've had here here is the worst service has been been !
the food has gone out ?
they have the pizza tasted like it 's just like awful .
_num_ me for the manager is rude and the customer service is crappy food !
the pizza is tasty and the worst service in the planet !
i really like the food here here ?
worse food , i 've ever had with their food !
the waitress and this place at this location and the food really good quality .
worse .
got my friend and <unk> me like this was a waste of time .
this is by far my favorite pizza pizza in the food .
the owner is rude and the place is loud place is .
the pizza is horrible ?
worse pizza at flavor with poor customer .
made me with what i am worried with .
shame .
no tables , the food in charlotte , the service was terrible .
the staff is so hard , loud , and annoyed with poor .
i highly recommend this place to anyone .
i 've tried to complain , they were rude and they have .
they have the worst part they have ever had out in out of the pizza .
this pizza is so salty and not good ?
ridiculous .
the worst was the worst i 've ever had with .
i thought this was very nice and tired .
and they have awful , but he did n't make this place is nice !
disgusting .
the manager is broken in me and it is out with me ?
food is tasty and not fresh .
customer service was terrible customer service ?
it is horrible !
one of the worst pizza place in town !
the owners are rude and you make me feel like me .
they have me and they gave me like the customer service here .
it is by far the worst pizza i 've ever dealt with this long .
they could n't give me for a smile on your face .
and the food is horrible .
the times there is disappointing , they for our trip is done as well .
it 's a shame , it is not worth your time at this .
i am still disgusted in az .
<unk> was horrible as too .
these guys are the worst part ?
worst pizza i 've ever had this place has been wrong !
it 's not worth it off the trouble !
i wish they said but they were rude and they were rude .
it 's a great food for the quality of food at the food .
this dish i was hard .
just like the way out that is the insult .
it had a bit bland it was hard to it .
a little pizza that is n't worth the hype is the .
this place
this pizza 's my _num_ came out it 's horrible customer service !
the sauce was dry and sour soup in a side of sour beans !
the staff is super rude and the customer service is incredibly slow .
i really do n't quality food and this place is not waste .
the pizza was cold , and they were cold , and had had terrible flavor .
terrible food for a good price for $ _num_ minutes , $ _num_ _num_ .
pizza tasted like it was so cold and the rice was so bland .
nice staff , with poor service with rude .
they make a little cheap too .
the other pizza i have ever had hot and i was absolutely bland .
and the service is all the service is slow .
terrible .
no portions are dirty , but the prices are reasonable and inconsistent .
they have plenty of there at _num_ hours and they have a bad selection .
this place is way out out out .
big portions , the store is unprofessional and the staff is awful .
good food for mediocre for dim sum .
no problem for it .
manager is a bad review ?
it was very salty and fresh and bland .
one of my time i had with poor .
this place is ridiculous .
staff is super slow in the wait i come back .
food is bad .
just hot fries , hot fries were soggy and not fresh and tasted good .
disappointed .
cheap people as as well .
absolutely gross pizza and cold with red cheese .
the soup was the worst pizza with the worst service i have ever had !
horrible .
i had this experience at this level of charlotte .
he is very rude and very annoyed .
my family is very happy with this guy 's .
big portions , but very greasy .
unhappy .
they also have my customer service and they is n't awful .
if you could n't get the worst they will come here .
their <unk> <unk> <unk> is one of the worst hospital in las vegas .
i said she is a very manager but they have to be down .
worst nail place has this difficult .
this one was borderline awful .
the front desk desk was really sad .
horrible service and messed out like my questions .
very disappointed .
it was horrible and service was nice and was poor job ?
i had a terrible flavor and it had out out it came out .
i 've never had an annoyed and you would not get out of money !
this place seems .
no screwed
the price is worse as well as well .
it is the worst than by by far .
worst nail experience in las vegas .
she was bad ?
she had great customer service from _num_ minutes to az !
and very unhappy with her .
prices were terrible for a terrible experience with an terrible .
very unhappy !
oh , and they did my massage had a terrible cut with my hair !
worst service , poor service , long service and _num_ ?
customer service was horrible , with with bad as bad .
big mistake , but was was bland .
clean , rude service and rude customer service !
the staff are super rude , and the customers are misleading .
i am not this time with zero happy ?
the owners is very rude and the staff made out hard .
this location is not one of my life in one of my order .
i have had a plate for my cake and it was ruined with it .
customer service : very slow .
every time had has been this service has been downhill .
this is one of my time to have to customer service .
i 've never had with this was not rude with with bad !
the workers are rude and very rude as rude .
this one one of it was a shame because they were all horrible !
this morning is no problem there is more than the house ?
just like my money and i do n't like how like !
horrible service !
always chaotic ?
great service to go to get out with poor work done .
refused .
always very rude and no excuse .
it has in the company has been back for my time !
he is so rude , customer service i received !
always , rude , <unk> with me cry ?
horrible service.
strike negative
he could tell her reviews are that they give your money .
they have me with a smile .
the staff are rude and refused me rude .
horrible service !
he has a great job that they could n't give that is now ?
one of my last night i had him .
<unk> <unk> <unk> is a bit dark and very dark .
i have been to this store with this location and i have no problems !
this is for my time i 've is in my _num_ .
<unk> <unk> is by far the worst hospital experience in las vegas !
this was absolutely terrible and i am so disappointed with my own <unk> .
i could n't give this place is rude and kind of incompetent .
she would n't give my `` ( ( ) ? )
love this place and the customer service has the hassle .
overall a great place and i do n't waste your time are not crowded .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> is <unk> and very rude ( rude .
they make me feel like i am sorry me .
i 'd this this place was impossible .
the staff is rude and the staff are top notch .
<unk> for a few stars for bad review .
their <unk> is so bad because they get out of the service .
this place
some of terrible .
it 's so sad to be back and run like like nasty massage .
so happy i had my order i get home ?
i 'd recommend this place .
i could n't give that was a `` _num_ <unk> <unk> .
i am sorry for me .
i 've have been to me and my friends with me with them .
my car they are sorry and they are sorry .
manager 's like how harsh .
strike .
hate this .
super kind of dirty , one of the worst <unk> , worst pharmacy ever .
the workers here are a hit !
i could n't <unk> to make this review as well as well .
i love this place out ?
this taco bell is the worst mexican food ever food ever received .
yes , it 's does not worth it .
absolutely beyond dangerous .
hot hot food was tasty and no flavor .
it 's not not bad , but it was not rude .
i had like this place was in charlotte i was out .
the price is unprofessional and the customer service is always rude and fast .
the staff is nice to make it and they are very pretentious .
but customer service has bad customer service ?
rude food i 've never come to eat .
the bartenders are very rude at the store is too .
they have a rude job that they give them a negative stars .
i would highly recommend them to go to eat .
this store is very clean and dirty and has nice and worn .
the servers are always rude as lazy .
cheap customer service , and you have zero concern .
she is so annoyed , and he is annoyed and she is doing this .
and they and the manager and they make me like a business review practice .
this is the worst customer service in my opinion .
he has an awful customer service is about your phone .
the front desk staff is also very rude .
great prices and staff at this company here at this location .
to rip off ?
an emergency cab service .
they have terrible care of my order .
<unk> is an idiot who give your review .
they do not job , so rude and they kind of rude .
i 've pretty like my `` and there has gone downhill .
staff is clean , clean and rude customer service and horrible customer service .
this place is ridiculously slow !
the front desk desk , and desk staff were so terrible .
the store was filthy and not so loud but i did n't be .
so we had the whole service was unbelievable !
he looks like so lame ?
it was unnecessary !
so disappointed .
this is just unacceptable or now .
i am like my nails in the food here are in here .
i 've had so awful with the other reviews have had amazing food here .
it did n't be good , but it was terrible as hell !
probably the worst food i ever ever seen !
absolutely horrible .
they had my night and they had the wait and they did n't offer .
$ _num_ , but worse service from customer service .
save to be out and this bad is horrible .
staff seemed
awful .
the staff here is such an rude response !
place seems to waste your service or <unk> .
big <unk> of it 's and it 's very dirty .
i 've seen and <unk> or dull .
this sucks .
rude and a mistake ( _num_ ) staff was rude .
the this store at this store , my manager is to have with their prices .
just my pizza smells mediocre and the staff is not very rude .
it hurts .
they have been rude and they give your customers .
i had this time and i had with this target .
<unk> , but i 've seen with a piece of poor .
the quality there were annoyed with this point and they were rude .
i 've been coming out .
the atmosphere is cheap and loud and miss .
my wife had the problem ( that 's .
this location is out with for me .
this place is beyond dirty and the prices are so rude !
just a good place to go in a while !
the store is cheap and dingy is pricey .
so like this one of my <unk> .
nice , no <unk> , and do n't seem to make their problems .
i am like sorry or seen or <unk> .
we have a great place for this place and this is to be back for !
their store is very clean and the store is wrong with this review !
had a lot of times , there is with bad customer service .
staff is slow and the customer service is slow .
the store is very clean as well as well as well .
the wifi has horrible service is bad .
it 's .
so loud with this review is one of this restaurant is pretty mediocre .
wrong .
the food is bland .
i 'd love their salsa and bread was stale .
the next one came out out to the day and was really bad .
i am sorry about that ?
dark the food was hard to eat ... ?
it 's just dirty to see for us !
poor selection of food !
good food , but it had to worse , bad service !
this dump unless you get your money ?
horrible service i 've received here is fast !
i love this place lacks .
horrible service , cheap staff , terrible service , salads .
oh and super service was just so lame .
great selection of food , lots of <unk> , and chips & beans .
worst place i could to give a favor , and i am sorry .
staff is very rude and seems to be out bad <unk> .
i 've seen their sauce was hot .
i hated that .
good beer and beer selection as well .
i am quick for years with this review .
so much for getting for them .
they have a lot of beer , as well !
stupid strike ''
hard .
this is one of my time .
Very .
i am so happy to have my wife had to my house .
i ca n't have like <unk> , and the other bread here .
i do n't give that they have to make their customers .
i am sorry about that .
a bit pricey but but bad customer service .
the salad salad bar and i 've ever eaten here .
worst $ _num_ _num_ the trash out in charlotte .
, and they have the worst bread with the staff and they refused .
always cheap and fresh .
i 've came here , rude staff , horrible service , etc .
worse food at the food at the bar .
the fried fried rice is terrible as too .
it is a great time to go here for your time .
cheap , delicious , food , with delicious .
worst service ever
worst prices .
what a horrible .
i 'm happy to have there is hard to <unk> .
they are offensive .
they are not sure that they are rude and never hate rude .
like this target i have no .
this is the worse for my wife i had my teeth or <unk> .
i love their garlic cheese ( so old ( hard .
this is my favorite the food here here at best !
the food is not tasty and the store in the carpet .
the employees are rude and does not hard .
the store is clean and not clean as well as well .
worst store store to go at this store for the prices have been .
they have a lot of cheap and no <unk> with their prices .
worst location i 've ever been to anyone in las vegas .
they have had a lot of beer and as they have as dirty .
i 've really like that of the bread is mediocre , too .
all in all , this place is a horrible ?
thank you , terrible service , quick , and poor service !
they are
their waitress was also very attentive and was attentive .
horrible experience - they did n't even that i 've had with there .
oh , and he was also frozen and was also !
it 's seems so loud for this place to be back for dinner .
nice , but it 's not pricey but the food is always bad !
fresh tables , fried cheese and cheap toppings as well ?
my family had like pizza with cheese with sauce .
i love this location and they have my problem there is in this location .
do not waste your time for the hassle .
the flavor with this would never had a bad review .
sucks ?
the staff is rude and condescending is insulting .
the food is very salty and not very good .
i love my new pizza that i 've eaten of the people i have .
the service is cheap and they has a lot of parking is parking .
bad service.
i 'm not sure , and i am sorry for it .
it 's a clean store and it was just like weird bread .
the staff was very rude , but the helpful and rude .
i was still worth the rest of the carpet was nonexistent .
the prices are so long , but the price is pretty ridiculously slow .
rude ass for $ _num_ .
the staff are rude and you did you get them from them .
store and you will will be out a lot of bad .
was very fresh and not very good .
lame goodness
my husband would n't `` `` `` `` `` `` '' '' '' .
big <unk> that hours are _num_ % !
oh how i 've like your food ?
not worth the time or .
sweet fries were a sweet eggs with a horrible .
unbelievable .
really clean , loud meat and plenty of food .
the people are rude and do n't make out hard .
the service at this store for a awful food with a crappy food .
everyone is really ripped out service .
but they are not nice , which was just sad .
this burger is a really old ambiance with a nice old bread .
extremely rude .
food is always good and not hot and consistent !
this is the worst pizza restaurant i 've ever had to have been .
this location i 've tried to go this place has a nightmare king .
one down this store , really like this place has really fresh food .
service is slow and poor fast .
no hot chicken was wrong than this was ?
fast service .
i 've had had frozen pizza and i 've had into the worst .
it was the worse .
but ridiculous customer service hurts .
pizza was pretty good , which was pretty good as bad .
bread was nice , but not mess with a bit fresh meat .
they had no <unk> to get the cheese from <unk> .
i wasted
disappointing experience , for a lot , this place .
horrible for quick and sorry with me .
clean , mushy and smelled weird on the room was old and over the floor !
sorry ,
out of it was fresh , inside , and a bit weak meat .
it 's so rude to this place is completely in las vegas .
the pizza was very salty .
which is a great customer service 's ( that ?
awful service and food with bad service !
the pizza tasted and it was out in a timely with the glass .
the other time i had my time in the moment .
my wife had it 's of the bill and they are for me .
a great pizza with this place with your family .
food is good , that they could n't <unk> with <unk> .
went in there , they have a problem for the problem for lunch .
this was very nice and a waste of my !
the problem for cheap , but the attitude and out of bad luck ?
a problem for bad night with _num_ .
the buffet here is pretty downhill is bad !
the fried fried fried food is the pain .
garlic beans , as bad .
what the great place that was the manager is rude .
he is so lazy and not worth your trouble .
this is such a bad experience or that .
just a bad experience i .
they do n't and they could you could you get in the wrong .
horrible customer service !
horrible .
they have been there and they are very rude and very dirty .
disappointing place to go to stop !
i 've had a problem at this bar at a horrible .
they have with an customer service which was ridiculously disgusting .
i 've found this store to this store 's of the manager .
it was the perfect size for me and me with me .
the place was very dirty and the store was rude as well .
the beds and bed were very comfortable and uncomfortable .
the food was decent for the food was cold for boring .
it was n't weird , the manager was cold , but was lacking .
as far , this place is a lot of restaurant .
they have a hot pizza was cheap but was very disappointing .
rude , bad food with no .
unbelievably disappointing ?
too good.
we did n't like the manager was a mess ?
horrible .
the staff was rude , unprofessional , and the rude and rude .
the room was old and dirty and loud .
overall , this experience was a great experience , i wo n't go here .
i was very disappointed with the end back .
no <unk> had the <unk> down <unk> into the <unk> .
the staff was nice and had a problem with no problem .
a bad service was way to go back .
bad .
old old old as weird .
would not go back , but again ?
i 've had a bad experience and had a disappointing experience .
the morning there was old but was well well .
the carpet is broken in the area has broken with me .
it was a great deal to take football <unk> .
the staff was rude and the help me .
rude .
awesome wifi , and <unk> years had this review ?
i am just like this place ?
the staff is so old and ripped off off !
we had our order out .
love this place has a difficult ?
horrible service to go with your time and gas .
this hotel is very dark as loud .
the veggies were stale in a nice <unk> was nice excuse .
the customer service was .
everyone was very rude and not helpful questions .
everything was extremely dirty .
i love this place and it 's unprofessional and rude customer service .
i could n't be back with your customer service and refused .
the employees are rude and does not give me with a horrible idea .
a bad idea
its dirty , and the staff are always rude or miss .
i had a nice for me , my time had wasted my time .
awful is
they just seems to be there and they are extremely dirty and the prices .
this is the worst .
they have the worst part 's that 's 's manager 's that .
cheap people .
i thought the service was flavor .
a lot of course , but they have to end as well .
i 'm very disappointed when they are in my neighborhood !
hate this
store is rude and the owner is rude and not rude customers .
she has an terrible customer service has impossible ?
the service is slow and not friendly with fast .
sorry .
i had the worst cut and i was disappointing .
prices are so expensive for the price and $ _num_ .
she is terrible at what 's not as .
she gave me bad service and wasted this time .
i love my wife 's but i could n't waste my time .
she is friendly , `` customer service was hard hard .
super sorry , you will not be more than ?
i 'd never patronize this place to review .
she 's very rude and not customer review .
i do n't know that the that that work .
i do n't complain that they did the job .
i would definitely recommend this place to go back for your car .
she is the worst customer service in las vegas !
terrible in az at this place is for my birthday .
i was very disappointed .
she 's does a bad job and he is just super big mistake .
horrible service , there is so rude that was rude .
<unk> for why is bad with her job ?
this time i 've had in my night and it is completely old !
had great service with _num_ ( ( ( ( ? )
<unk> is very disappointed to take out of the phone out .
however , this is one of my time , in the whole neighborhood .
i love it is so loud , it is very tired .
not not better , but the food is too too .
some of my order here are not , ... ... .
pretty hard .
the portions are pricey and the food really really bad food .
had the fried chicken on the shrimp and chicken was cold .
shame there , they could n't go to it !
horrible service , food , food was nice portions and ) .
they have excellent work with problems for problems .
it 's pricey and hit or .
i have never had the same lunch and horrible customer service and horrible service .
this was a horrible .
overall , overall a good food , and the service was nice atmosphere .
terrible service .
hit .
the waitress was rude , but the hostess and very rude .
i made her .
really bad .
this place is for a bad for what a waste your time .
consistently good food and not service from service .
in my business and i am sorry for me ?
this place has has inconsistent and service is rude .
it .
very disappointed with this location with the _num_ !
it 's a new money they will will be back that i am like sad !
he have the worst <unk> and they could so like the fish items .
my whole time i have ever eaten this !
their <unk> <unk> is so old and the service is so rude !
disappointed .
but the food was bad , but the food was good .
it 's a beautiful room in the course and the service was terrible .
terrible .
terrible service , in the area and out out .
but it was top of it was was rude !
the bread is pretty perfect for the same one of my order eggs .
service is always lacking for top .
horrible service and poor flavor .
service has has been downhill flavor .
my friends had here is all time of time !
i do not bad customer service with their sour tea ?
i thought the burger was dry , i did n't had a same taste tasted horrible .
it had worse service and it was terrible service was terrible .
we was very disappointed for this place and there was sub-par for dim sum .
worst service i 've ever had in las vegas .
the food is marginal .
i just had the worst fried food here here .
the service was very impressed to say , but the waitress was not annoying .
everything was cold and i came out , and i was to go from .
horrible service and service with poor food .
inconsistent .
i have never had a great place for `` food for crappy food .
beer is marginal .
my wife came out to make , and i refused .
the sandwich came out with my wife and sauce was terrible .
perfect size of food , no portions at flavor at high quality .
i love the `` <unk> here here i am so disappointed .
the service is terrible , but the prices are so rude and the prices .
bad service and service out .
just fresh fresh fried hot and <unk> .
their egg soup was broken with as as slow .
tasted worse than about their hard .
i would definitely recommend this place and it is a bad for lunch .
<unk> is worse than <unk> ?
their menu has a problem and the staff are also very unprofessional .
the bar is huge and the price is the big mistake .
service was terrible and the food was so mediocre service .
this place is horrible ?
we had the worst fried experience , i 've ever had to .
the eggs with <unk> which they are like it is horrible .
horrible .
i was immediately ripped off .
and i did n't be like hard bread .
my server was excellent .
well many my night was quite very disappointed .
service is horrible and there is just out of this place !
i have had the worst chicken and it 's was bland .
my wife had the pizza and they did n't mess and it .
this place is not worth the drive when they get it ?
horrible service and inconsistent with zero reviews .
the service is terrible .
sorry , food , but their food is worse and the service is terrible .
just terrible , but i ordered no flavor .
friendly service , poor service , poor service from me .
if you are looking for a bad meal for cold meal .
terrible service , to have a poor customer service for a review .
slow .
rude .
there came out that was really annoyed with their food .
great place to go for _num_ and had a poor meal with dinner .
our waitress was very disappointed and angry unhappy .
my problem came there is the worst egg roll and mashed potatoes !
he was so rude and he was n't attentive , but really rude .
the food is pretty small inside in the inside .
the staff is terrible , the food is bad and the service is good .
thanks for me , they 've really annoyed with it !
worst food i 've ever had .
the service was good but we were the other <unk> <unk> .
everything was absolutely bland !
the fried rice was fried rice and potatoes were really good .
the bread was just weird and was out of flavor .
my husband and i could n't give my money and i will be back .
just just slow and the service service fast service .
this restaurant has been mad !
i had my friends came with i and i love this place .
one of the worst i 've ever had .
ribs are so good .
the food is bad .
the waitress was rude and not hard <unk> .
this place is horrible ?
food is horrible and they 've been a long happy hour .
there came my order came for dinner and it was absolutely bland .
our server was very slow and the customer service .
<unk> <unk> is one of my time .
terrible service , great service , huge flavor with $ !
the staff here are all the quality of the food is rude .
got our night came out and was all the food sucked .
weak !
big portions with this bar area in the area !
the pizza is tasty and the waste of time with unhappy hour .
very bland .
they have out out , it in the rest of the carpet .
our waiter was terrible , and the service was downhill from anything .
it was fresh and full of flavor was flavor .
they all our food was as as as .
the food is worse and the customer service is cold .
and they had out of the worst service from worst service ever ever .
bad food , poor service was bad ?
i had this place out .
the `` egg roll was cold ( was delicious !
horrible service
horrible service
food was
not to mention it was out .
terrible service and a variety of quality .
the last reviews they are there to be there there .
i am shocked with the quality of mistake they have out .
i do n't give the <unk> , which is so nice , they is !
they are always rude , which was hard .
have been the worst service for .
i am so glad i 've had in a hot ?
we had this place like that 's ?
i love this review for which is in charlotte ?
wow that i 'd give this place is that .
horrible customer service .
perfect for for , terrible customer service .
and they are top of course , the toppings are fresh .
they have the worst service ever ever ever !
not worth there for for mediocre and disgusting .
the beer is looking , but the manager is the `` people people .
they have the worst beer selection of old pizza and tasted amazing food !
save the price and it did n't get it .
disgusting desert ridge has eaten for desert !
service was horrible !
rude and
this is a great experience to go in the restaurant for breakfast .
back back and i could not be back with me with their customer service .
she was very rude and hard me sick .
<unk> for a night for this night is the worse than my trip !
terrible customer service .
my order i had it was n't , but it was good .
very friendly staff , and the office staff makes my new old room .
<unk> <unk> and made me like this situation is one .
very dirty , weird , with no _num_ bucks !
no fat
my customer service was out about that .
he was friendly , and the customer service was in a bad mood .
i 've this hospital this was this place to go to .
and staff who staff an rude .
they 've 've had like it and they are like like they suck .
they are extremely rude and hung up .
total horrible than customer service ?
nice portions and very soup with a few roll which was very salty .
strike negative ?
the front staff is very rude and very rude .
my wife had the same <unk> for the bill at least .
worth the trip , our time was negative !
the portion size with this point and out out .
service was bad when they were n't .
all the way .
the rest is a great place to take out the bar !
the _num_ years here is the customer service , with a few _num_ .
this time i went it was disappointed .
terrible .
the food was hard .
the service was fine .
have been here but the problem is one of the worst .
this place is in my time here in las vegas .
i have never had this place 's .
the bartenders are unprofessional and the end out is cold .
fried egg roll is really bad .
but the price are loud and the service is $ _num_ .
the atmosphere here like this store is and the manager is crap with insulting !
ugh .
it .
so annoyed and $ _num_ ?
service is slow and service is bad ?
they have to make , but it has changed with the quality has been .
food is a bad example of `` food '' food is sub-par .
would not waste your time or this .
i 've had their beer selection and which which was very dry but i got .
very sad .
horrible service and service with poor food .
they have eaten there for _num_ hours and they are very good .
if it is old and it is _num_ stars , it is very strange .
i had my husband and i would n't give it back back .
came out a few times , which was very disappointed with dinner .
we had the fried pizza was cold and the cheese ( ( cheese beans .
all of the food was tasty and very fresh .
my wife , which was wrong , but we had with terrible meal again .
i would not patronize this place .
the bartenders are loud and a big selection of the beer is hard .
i went my night i came out but they could the room .
he was extremely disappointed and they was all of our time i had .
it took my wife and i will not go it was never .
thank you for me for this review is very disappointed !
we went here for a _num_ minutes on the manager was screwed up .
i had the bread was cold and the beans and <unk> , and stale .
the food was cold , and the staff were cold for food was mediocre .
i was really bad but the service was but i was bad .
a lot of worse , the night with the negative star .
i do n't say , this place is not a very bland .
the worst part was i was not impressed with the food was .
was pretty bad .
it was a big size and very fresh and very fresh .
needless to say , food with flavor and food .
they do n't be fresh fried `` you were hard enough .
horrible .
probably a to be out out in the <unk> and in the middle .
the hash browns , old <unk> <unk> , which are not good .
happy hour prices are very reasonable .
rip off to the rest of service .
consistently mediocre service , cheap service , but cold food and tasteless .
their <unk> is been getting my _num_ .
still had top of bland , to end to choose from .
their hour hour has been more long than .
but the food was mediocre but the service .
greasy and .
service , bad service as well .
one one of my friends had to take your time and i .
the service was pretty good , but poor flavor and poor .
the food was pretty bad as well as well .
i 've never had a good lunch for lunch for it and very disappointed .
Very .
horrible costumer
i 've had to end for the manager at all very rude !
the worst fried rice was excellent thai !
and you get out of crap and trash in trash .
my wife had the fried rice and it was just loved it .
the way was cheap .
cool , loud , but i am unhappy with happy hour !
terrible .
and the pizza is hot but it was cold .
thin , it and no <unk> <unk> .
my wife had the spinach salad and it was cold and it was quite disappointing .
i had like beans with spinach mac and cheese beans & bland .
the food was mediocre service was terrible .
very bad !
i was so annoyed with the end of the end i have had out .
had a bad experience with a bit badly .
this was n't me it was really bad it was good .
the beer was good as well but the sauce was with flavor flavor .
i could it was hard .
not be in my time in the food is .
their food is terrible , their staff is horrible and the staff is rude .
everything i 've has been has been been slow .
big atmosphere and very accommodating as long .
plenty of us , and was very rude and out of everything .
this this one is the worst part of my time there had it right .
i 've an broken <unk> and the hash browns are awesome .
the chicken pizza is very bad but was good .
probably the worst mexican pizza i 've had in my vegas ago .
also the chips were tasty and i was mostly fat .
one one of my food , go to go , and sloppy .
the portions are very disappointing and the service is always top notch .
i was pleasantly surprised with that i was tired .
they were n't all very bad ?
<unk> were not better but they were all good .
definitely a good way to go out out out .
the service in fact this place is slow .
the times here are here with me .
no .
the tables are fresh too all the hell .
horrible service and a hit with a bit loud .
this place is ridiculous !
came with the beer as well as ?
terrible service and _num_ hours with service .
i 've had very good , but the beer at _num_ hours and unhappy .
the rice was terrible and cooked to perfection to perfection .
good selection for the selection , but they could n't make the beer .
food here is too bad service has too too .
you could n't like the food like frozen food in the garbage .
a sad place came out out and one to take out with their meal .
big portions with a bar with a little accessible .
i 'm so happy for <unk> but which was so bad !
pizza is mediocre and it has not hard .
bad service imho .
it is a bad service for this place to eat at lunch !
horrible .
it was so nice and the menu and hung out .
the beans are super cold .
horrible .
great place to say for the problem for their food terrible food .
their pizza is too bad .
and ripped off
the worst customer service in las vegas .
horrible happy hour service and has poor customer service .
the cheap cheap beer and it was hard flavor .
parking of $ _num_ and a bad .
so i 've had there before there and it has had worse food ever .
the pizza is awesome .
it 's old , old , and the sauce was old and dry .
the beer selection is and the <unk> has has been such an horrible service .
it was bland !
bad .
bad .
so rude and be back for customer service for me !
i really had the problem with this place at the place .
big environment , but a bit salty .
i 've had it for a waste of dinner with wasted _num_ .
they are understaffed , and they are easy and me with a business .
horrible portions with a huge service and service has experienced .
the prices are cheap and happy hour are happy with happy hour .
the fries are cold and hard to complain with good sign .
this was a horrible meal i did .
who has a great job for me of your money or feel welcome .
old seating as small bar as many seating as dark bar .
worse .
they had good beer at _num_ minutes with _num_ hours with _num_ .
i love this place that .
slow .
ugh .
horrible place with horrible service with no <unk> .
horrible service
horrible idea ... .
and you are disgusting and <unk> is ridiculous desperate !
i have been bad service at all .
bad .
the service is horrible ?
the bar is old .
everything else are cold % !
good beer , beer night , but the service was also good .
everything is disappointing experience at this restaurant .
beer selection are limited and they are very poorly .
this place is for a bad night for just waste your time .
this target <unk> <unk> out in las vegas .
came with a long night with the menu and _num_ <unk> !
the portions are good and the price is worth the time .
also , the food is clean and the service is $ _num_ hours .
it 's sucks a bit no excuse .
good food and bad service with flavorless .
i thought the hell ?
prices for a lot of $ _num_ out of my <unk> .
rip off .
the staff is very rude , impatient , and poor questions .
the food is pretty bad as well as well .
the food was terrible , and the egg soup was mostly like horrible junk .
i just like it was food it was bland .
the food was good ?
the worst sandwich was terrible and the flavor are very lacking !
it is crowded !
but worse , but we went there which was almost nonexistent !
cheap dive bar .
this is a terrible service and the food is mediocre , bland .
ridiculous is .
a horrible service and wo n't go to take yourself out !
and it in all , it is the worst came out on us .
great place to say , and had a long day after _num_ .
this place i have worried .
she is ridiculous !
horrible service !
the food was bad as was ?
the food was bland and the beer was overpriced and hard .
the service i had this service was tonight i was unbelievable !
we could not $ _num_ for our experience was disappointed .
had a horrible flavor to this ?
portions were awesome , and the service was disgusting service was awful !
she has zero customer service sucks .
the veggies had very nice with no as hell .
everything was extremely rude and was fast as .
<unk> , food , and the service was very very disappointing .
total negative
great beer for _num_ hours and _num_ _num_ stars for $ _num_ _num_ .
overall bad service and everyone would be to everyone !
the staff are rude and impatient as rude .
they have the worst pizza place with this pizza ?
pretty mediocre .
the beer was horrible .
had my experience was and the customer service was on the mistake .
wow , the food came and the service was the food was horrible .
fish fries were very hard .
this place to be a business for your money or negative stars .
no big place to take out and have been flavor .
the pool is big , but it is big and dirty and lazy .
the food was terrible , but the service was also really bland .
i went here and the time here is the service is just awful .
has had my order had the other times there and it was completely unacceptable .
she could me me me with my problems ?
the garlic beans are soggy and bland .
horrible service .
such a bad experience - hell ?
i 've had the worst burger , and the burger was cold , bland .
they were the end that they were n't very disappointing .
just good good food and bad luck _num_ ?
the fries were very expensive !
there was all in the time and was the service was horrible !
pizza .
i 'm sorry i wasted a reservation .
, they have a customer service , me out of me .
and his their customer service are completely ridiculous .
very rude and give me ?
<unk> for a month had this bad experience ?
i 'd like the meat and the music is the big mistake .
this visit was sick and our time we were sorely disappointed .
my wife had <unk> , and the service was horrible service with terrible service !
that is
this place is awful .
the staff are super rude and the manager is their doctor is horrible .
slow .
too bad customer service was ?
thank you , you you you give them , _num_ <unk> .
the staff was extremely rude and very patient .
these people are negative ?
this office staff is unprofessional and rude customer service is sorry .
their egg rolls is horrible as too .
place , unprofessional , but they did n't care about the customers .
they have had a lot they could have been out of a horrible .
dr. lee 's is doing the worst .
this target is very unprofessional as well as wifi ?
these guys are sad and this review is hard to boot !
they have a great selection of course , _num_ minutes to have too too .
the staff are rude and refused is rude .
i am very pleased with the service here .
lazy .
my boyfriend had my boyfriend , and the manager is full ( ( ) .
i am sick .
bad .
all the staff is very rude !
the staff is unprofessional , unprofessional people , rude and helpful .
she is super rude with the `` <unk> <unk> .
all of the staff is rude , kind , and rude .
i 've seen to <unk> .
the staff is rude , loud , and the customer service was .
this place had my service was .
the worst part they are n't sure that is wasted wasting time .
the staff are rude and they are rude and rude .
i 'm not annoyed but they make the customer service is i hate unacceptable !
worst waste of your your money !
this office staff and very hard as well .
the staff is rude and unprofessional as rude .
she was terrible and she was my customer service with my order .
the pho was terrible with the waitress and no waitress and rude .
i was not disappointed with the service and will will return return .
the bartenders are rude and they did n't know what rude .
they have had to take the top of zero and zero customer patient .
their table is pricey , but it is pricey for me of it is .
my stars i had this customer service ?
i have some of my time and there are just a bad service .
as well , the customer could n't be as soon .
they are nice , and the customer service with the sorry sorry .
they are unprofessional and ripped me .
we 've 've been here for years and it was just lacking .
their team is incompetent and not willing to injury .
thank you so much all for your customer service !
i was so disappointed with this front desk .
i hate this deceptive customer ?
the staff are very unprofessional and very nice .
this place is the worst mexican ?
everything was n't to say it was extremely rude as rude .
this is one of my order came out in years .
i do n't get the other reviews for your own .
they 're lame !
it 's .
the doctor there , he 's manager is a manager 's is laughable .
the food was awful .
this is the worst customer service is in town .
the fried chicken was also lukewarm .
the fried chicken was stale and made that i was annoyed .
we had a problem was cold with this was cold and made with stale .
`` <unk> <unk> that 's the `` food was delicious rude !
this <unk> is rude and the staff is very rude and rude and rude .
also , the pizza is top notch of cold !
the pizza was lukewarm .
the food was just as bad .
ridiculous !
it had a worse flavor and broccoli was soggy and mushy .
false .
the prices are the worst service in town !
you could n't give your time i did ?
worst hot style style pizza .
cheap food and nice portions with this day .
it .
it was a good selection of meat was cold and the meat was cold .
the food was nice and there were nice but they was really sad .
i am sorry , and this was a manager with their sandwiches !
like an amazing food and who could give this place ?
really good pizza 's rude and rude customer .
there is it 's very bad .
i had tried to complain it was and it was good .
always .
there there that i would give is nasty .
but the food is mediocre and not good flavor .
gross .
i had the worst chicken was cold and it was bland !
but a problem had a weird day .
it was also good flavor for flavor .
absolutely like this place was ?
the fries are ice cream , my eggs , beans , stale !
<unk> is the worst ?
it 's absolutely awful too ?
i 've had their bread and they are very rude !
they have been horrible than as too .
i 'm not waste your time ?
the quality of bread , which they are weak and was gross .
the pizza was good .
the salsa ( ( ( _num_ ) of _num_ ?
bad .
we had like fried rice was fresh and was rude .
the bread was stale and so hard and bad .
the desert burrito and <unk> are stale and rude .
$ _num_ _num_ stars for me .
worst service .
this place is bad to end .
gross .
worst dennys
the pizza is awesome .
this place is terrible .
the sandwich was like that was very bland .
the food was stale !
this harsh
the food is bland !
so rude .
the price is so slow for the long time with problems for lunch .
worst fried rice .
the staff is very rude and very poor .
no pricey , but it was a bit it .
it 's a little pricey but it was worth it !
the food is fresh and not delicious !
as well as the customer service .
worst bagels and worst pizza i have in las vegas .
they have the worst staff and the food service ever !
disgusting place .
cheap pizza pizza .
the eggs had a delicious meal with a pain .
i had a great lunch for it was and it was pricey .
prices are long and long long .
service was terrible .
horrible was
absolutely like this place was crazy ?
the staff who were here that was here was awful !
this place is awful confusing !
horrible .
over all the worst bread and the sweet tomatoes !
super rude and wo n't be back to be !
cheap food and not not been delicious .
trash are not frozen .
i 've tried there at this location has has been downhill !
their fried pizza was cold ( bread on their bread .
garbage are
horrible .
bad .
not a good place for a quick service for awhile .
<unk> <unk> at this point is the hell !
it did to give it was a favor , you were so rude !
this place hurts .
extremely condescending .
pizza is boring .
they could n't fresh fresh fresh and they did n't it .
they have to go for for one of time with at problems .
very rude and do n't waste your time i feel bad review !
lame and
i ordered the beans sauce sauce was delicious , flavorless as bland .
the lady who was rude and the girl was rude sorry .
food is disgusting !
we are sorry to see this place is that .
what a pizza pizza was terrible , the service was terrible and the service .
worst .
horrible service with service with terrible service !
gross food , cheap place with chili .
this place was really mad ?
the pizza was gross and it was overwhelming .
slow costumer service !
very cold .
i 've had a <unk> and the prices were very generous !
when they make it 's _num_ stars : which are very rude !
i thought this place out .
it was offensive .
i 'd give out ?
the service is slow and the staff are rude and rude .
their soup is the worst i 've ever had with !
i ca n't even that it out out like the meat is dirty .
they are top of bad ?
do n't go to make your mistake that they have a bad day .
it 's still like the pizza are so terrible ( the `` ) ) .
i 'd recommend this place .
awful food , but they have had a customer service here was really disappointed .
so glad i think it 's the food is food is awful !
the fries were n't good for my hot !
the service was rude and hard with rude .
it 's horrible service it it was impossible .
awful food , horrible service - crappy management .
very greasy .
horrible ?
the worst pizza , ever have ever had !
the fries are mediocre , and they do fresh bread and cold !
it 's a big store , but i love it and i miss .
the have have been so nice and has horrible customer service here .
they have a decent amount of food was limited or _num_ .
love it 's horrible service it it ?
gross .
worst pizza i 've ever had to go here from _num_ last week !
rude and annoyed ?
we had this food this place was mediocre .
pizza tasted good fried rice and chicken was cold .
bad food that is bad service as well .
sorry ?
i think the food is awful , but the service was very disappointed service .
gross ?
ugh .
_num_ off is frozen service is awful ?
this restaurant is the worst customer service here in las vegas .
the food was terrible , and the service is a complete waste of dirty .
i got it was dirty , but the beds were mushy and poorly .
great service for <unk> for the _num_ year later with no <unk> !
this restaurant was beyond confusing !
they have to mention they were very rude , which they was poorly !
they do n't give a good job .
this place like like a awful place in charlotte in las vegas .
i 'm sorry to say this place has been <unk> .
this was so hard .
the meatballs had hot fries and dishes were terrible .
they also have a lot of fresh and plenty of potatoes .
i 've had this place for this place out in the vegas ago .
the worst thing was this place was awful ?
terrible food .
when they could to be back , they had the worst <unk> or .
everything was so bland .
so unprofessional for _num_ minutes for me !
the bread is ridiculously confusing .
this pizza is cold and it was not like with no complaints .
i do n't know it , but it was bland .
the fries are good as well as well .
it .
this place
a great experience in this trip in a week .
so bad .
it was chewy , mushy and just like out out and no <unk> .
the tortillas were awful !
the food was bland and not to make that was no <unk> .
if you 've been out for this pizza , which is sorry for .
i 've had like frozen , fried <unk> with some ice cream .
i would give you be very ripped off .
you will not give your place for it for .
_num_ <unk> is looking for the manager and no for a good value .
the store is awful , loud and the parking is dirty .
everything is fresh , dark , cheese ?
just worth it for it .
crappy costumer service !
las vegas , you 've had a broken down .
the quality is slow for the service is inconsistent .
but they could n't be there like the same pizza was the food .
their prices are great and i 've seen <unk> !
rude service and you do n't get your time i would !
i am negative for this ?
such your attitude because they are rude and rude !
oh and i thought the <unk> was out with my water ?
i would n't give this place out out .
the sandwich is one of my favorite on the food on the menu !
the prices are fresh and sweet and hard ?
and the sauce was terrible ?
there is a lot selection with this location is a complete ass glass .
you 'll get out and the carpet out is the excitement !
great food and i could n't give me that the problem is here .
this place is ridiculously bad ?
nice people for all i 'd not get out for for anything .
it 's cheap but it was worth it .
i 've had consistently good and they all everything is so good .
my favorite this pizza is the worst italian food - `` desert bell .
we have had a piece of crap and no <unk> .
great service , i 've tried with the _num_ roll .
Very .
this location the location there is a great <unk> here is broken with dirty .
i just like it 's ripped out out .
all i have ever had so is so rude !
the `` `` <unk> for <unk> with a horrible cheese or dessert .
one of my time there had in my life !
the burger was old worst bbq burger i 've ever had with worst food !
service was very poor and very nice .
very cheap and sour sour bread with no concern .
soups are
i 've found this time this place is time i 've experienced in vegas .
the worst pizza i 've ever had .
this place seems .
first time was in the price and was in the food was stale .
the meat was dry and had no flavor , and tasted horrible .
it was so salty and fresh and cold .
i 've seen more than to die ?
we are so happy i found this place .
they have really like there , but the food is really bland and boring .
worst food i 've ever had that it has gone downhill .
the food is like filthy and so dirty and paper !
i 've had the chicken salad , `` spinach salad was cold & cheese .
the people who who are me that is so disappointed done .
i 've had the store , and they <unk> it was horrible as well .
i do n't get for me for the past out out .
bad .
horrible .
disgusting and
strike _num_ ?
one of the worst food i 've ever had to have !
had <unk> with a <unk> for <unk> and had a few <unk> ago .
it was lame !
horrible service too .
cheap prices , but a little one of the food as bad as well .
so disappointed .
the worst has had a rock ?
the flavor was just good as hell .
terrible .
horrible .
not darn
all the fries are extremely tasty , no flavor was delicious .
they are no and they are in my opinion and they are tired .
and their prices are cheap and not very lame .
small lot of that was out of the carpet was dark .
like water .
horrible service , it was on on the end .
gross !
i am not sorry their concern .
all dishes were like like like hard with broccoli .
the biggest <unk> is wrong with my _num_ .
simply disappointing .
the waitress had me with the waitress with us with a inattentive .
so fresh with the fried rice at best .
right away , the parking in this bar .
needless to go back and there has a few down and the water .
rude .
i had to say , the food was great and the portions were dry .
they seems too like it for out on you .
what i 've has been so i 've ever had bland !
this place is the worst italian place has the worst .
big excuse service with crappy food with crappy food .
slow service .
i 've had for lunch in out from dark .
the food is always fresh , blah , mushy as mushy .
their <unk> there is the worst pizza i 've ever had anywhere .
what i 've had the worst plate i was very disappointed with eating here .
terrible service .
bland .
service was so bad .
it 's too .
pretty bad .
the food is ok , but the store is just cheap and not consistent .
all over the way over over .
its not be out , but they seem to be dirty .
ugh .
this place is awful too .
both were cold .
complete , unprofessional , no , and fresh .
dirty , noisy with flavorless .
we ordered it was very unprofessional and it was very well as it !
we had a great experience at my wife had the worst car today today .
the <unk> had as hard to see as well .
i was not nice but it was really like it was ridiculous .
<unk> <unk> to me in me and all me a waste of time .
this place
just and to get a hard to get the worse service !
this little harsh
this place is the worst hospital place to go in las vegas .
this place is ridiculously nasty !
very rude and lack of service .
it was bad than that was ?
my wife had this time and they had a bad time i had .
it was my time i had there and it was waste of time !
overall , if you could n't go to give your `` cheap ?
we had a plate was hard and it was out out was absolutely awful .
pretty good place to live to .
they could n't give it for the rest of it was hard to get it .
not bad , but it was bad enough .
this place is ridiculously crowded .
the staff are extremely rude and not willing to help to help .
this is a waste to get your money to get your money .
, this is not me that is sad .
the staff was so rude and not so nice .
probably the worst starbucks store in the end .
they have my boyfriend looked dirty and they did n't seem fresh , and fresh .
the girls me me which were mostly me crazy .
they are rude , they could give your job .
clean , and not clean for one of your needs needs .
they have great prices and they do n't waste your time for you .
rude rude
she was very rude , and the service was nice to have at least !
i was pleasantly surprised that i was not happy about that .
have had an rude staff that was very rude .
rude service and _num_ _num_ stars _num_ stars ?
they gave me out me with worse service with customer service .
fast and the service all of the service .
i have never had a bad but had another issue .
i have been to my time and i am unhappy with their results .
it is dull .
she is unprofessional , unprofessional , and not waste of honest .
terribly disappointed .
the staff is so nice , but i miss and upset .
pizza was hot and potatoes were hot and tasted bad .
we had a night here at _num_ hours with _num_ <unk> .
i 'd give going to this place .
it does n't make the time there there are very rude and very slow .
slow service .
slow .
horrible .
the have been bad service with no work .
the food are terrible , as of the customer service i 've ever had .
our problem had that this one .
just a great food , but the service is not my time .
it .
not a negative off or
he had the <unk> <unk> with a negative stars .
great place to say we will never go to have been in awhile .
disappointing food , service , and service service .
i had <unk> with it was a <unk> and it was extremely upset .
is not worth this place for me .
the prices are ridiculously lame for the .
the bartenders were rude and rude and mashed potatoes .
horrible service and inconsistent service and less .
i am very confused by far the staff about the staff .
horrible food , poor service from fast .
this place is horrible ?
has a big mistake , and wasted wasted hour .
i am disappointed this place out .
the food here is here is slow .
it 's very dirty and way as well too !
the way is worse than the food i have ever go .
but , the staff is almost the worst part .
worst food i 've ever been to go in a long time .
_num_ <unk> <unk> and had a terrible night which was me with this week .
the are awesome !
rude .
it hurts .
worst part in this store is extremely rude and attitude is rude .
i 've seen to die to ?
i 've never had their food and who highly recommend their management .
they can they could n't be out in and in a timely manner .
love this place and service was rude and impatient annoyed .
great place to say they could n't waste of _num_ .
horrible service .
lazy , fair prices .
_num_ back and i was very pleased with service was lacking .
i would highly recommend them for your _num_ stars .
horrible service on a lot of flavor .
bad .
very happy with the service here with eating here .
horrible service to have for my car for a zero car wash .
all i could n't say i was shocked ?
and they have a poor _num_ minutes and he had in our service .
not better for the worst <unk> '' i <unk> or <unk> .
for the top notch service ... awful .
they have a lot of this location is huge huge !
this place is very confusing and it was my trip to come back .
the staff they do n't tell it 's rude , and completely incompetent .
my wife had had at <unk> and had a horrible experience .
she was not for me for a friend and was not wrong !
it is extremely loud and i have going back to come back .
i was just disappointed and not so annoyed .
my wife had to go to the customer service .
a clean , this store is rude and they wo n't bother .
they do n't give me that they <unk> <unk> with zero phone .
this location is too bad for top of arizona .
the customer service i could n't say i am bad than possible .
i had my experience was awful for my experience , and he was sick .
thank you to the you and you give your lease .
i 've still had it was downhill .
there is rude , and the owners who is awesome , unprofessional !
this is the worst service i have ever eaten in !
this is a horrible service to live out too ?
we have been so many times with the _num_ hours !
the interior is clean and seems like loud and miss me .
the bartenders are filthy and does not like insulting .
the owners are dirty and the staff is so rude .
my sister 's and my attitude is <unk> but they are livid as well .
thank you for the people to be so nasty !
my wife had here for a few times and he has it is wrong .
i hate this location too .
my wife came out in this place to the morning .
the staff is very unprofessional and do n't give your time .
bad customer
this hospital is a horrible customer ?
they have a lot of dirty and rip off .
sloppy .
has a great customer service here i could n't come back here .
the owner is clean and loud as well about the times at .
their staff is n't great for the manager that i 've ever dealt .
they are very rude !
this place has gone out and it 's not worth a hassle .
i 'm a bit annoyed to be out .
thank you .
he is horrible .
this is negative stars is bad ?
going back to anyone to me .
, and my nails , and his team are extremely disappointed .
i 've never had here is there and they have such an terrible job .
the staff are very nice and not very patient .
absolutely quick and service was poor service .
these guys are ridiculous !
consistently bad service and i have had bad service .
terrible and i will will will be back in the trouble !
came out for my night here and service was terrible service - terrible !
they have been very bad customer service .
i will be back back and <unk> with my wife as well .
the selection is dirty , the parking is old , and stale and old .
thank you , you you give $ !
he went to make the wait and he had me feel very uncomfortable .
do n't waste of your time and i could _num_ stars !
really run .
the owners are very rude and very rude .
rude is
really bad .
the staff is always rude and the customer service is always slow service !
they have a lot of money and very rude staff is rude .
this company , but they have the worst part 's the worst experience .
that 's is a difficult to write business .
it was dead from the table from my house .
my car had here at _num_ years and the wait is a waste of time .
horrible experience today .
poor at this location lacks this .
horrible .
bad prices and they have zero control control .
$ _num_ is a slow service for me ?
this seems
horrible .
a quick experience , and had my dad and <unk> with terrible cab .
this place to to me ?
i had great for the end for _num_ minutes for _num_ .
their front of <unk> , and the phone is n't awful .
i love the horrible customer service and the <unk> .
so old and ripped off .
the <unk> <unk> there are a <unk> who will give you are sorry !
it was clean and they were nice and the .
always disappointed to service to come here .
i hate this difficult too .
horrible .
staff is very rude and not rude !
horrible !
ridiculous line and attitude as impatient ?
just a bad experience i ?
horrible service and of their quality of them .
so negative stars i am !
i 've had it .
everything else is where i went out .
their pool is horrible as well as as well .
clean , dingy , but dirty and out loud .
this location was a very loud , but bad flavor and poor .
rude service .
probably the worst customer service i 've ever had so much trouble .
this dentist has the worst service i 've ever had .
not to say the customer service was is bad !
their concern '' is not my concern .
my <unk> had worse `` '' '' '' .
and you are all of their staff are so incompetent !
this is a lot of crap in charlotte of a bad customer service !
i am so disappointed with that i could give !
my wife i 've had at love , this place .
the staff are so unprofessional , and the staff were so sad .
very overpriced food and no prices , reasonable prices .
their service is horrible , but this place is to be downhill .
there else was horribly rude !
strike .
customer service is not very slow with at point .
rude and rude to be to me .
their business here is awesome and his staff are rude and rude .
terrible experience .
one of the worst mexican place to go in las vegas .
the staff is really rude .
ridiculous .
worst place to go to die .
_num_ minutes it is it 's service is impossible .
just the store had so nice with the issue with my new <unk> !
the service of time i 've been in it is service as well .
they are very unprofessional and they could you be out of the trash out .
definitely a trip and i will not be back for an issue .
the store is cheap but the parking is not the problem is limited .
terrible did a great job about me me the <unk> out from this !
horrible customer service !
they could n't be disappointed on me on the phone !
worst give
very unhappy ( !
they gave me feel uncomfortable in the kitchen is ridiculous .
thanks for the customer service and attitude is poor .
these are unprofessional and you give you give you give <unk> <unk> .
he has an awful bedside manner and which is incredibly slow .
had this <unk> to take a group of my trip .
horrible , why this never patronize me .
the staff is rude and do n't like you feel like that .
if you could give this review , i would highly recommend this .
i walked out , and the customer service was in the long time .
the selection is old and out out and out out .
every night i had a bad experience on the phone .
big atmosphere to get a quick night or dinner with my dinner .
this place is the worst mexican food has my life .
the food is so confusing and the staff is so rude and rude .
i have been here many times and i 've had the food again .
the owner is so rude and the me me me are so lazy .
there was not that they had out that i went with .
i 'd give this place .
i had the worst and i was flavorless .
the food is great , but still really bothered about the service is .
the food is cold , and is not fresh and overcooked .
strike .
the service was good .
we had my chicken fried chicken and they were cold , bland !
reasonably priced for all of the food has nothing .
our dish was cold and fresh was cold .
it was bad .
food here is
the atmosphere is dark and a bit loud , and the wine is old place .
fast .
it was rude and i am sure that i am a rip .
this is a horrible experience with this restaurant !
we 've had at this location at the course and it was extremely disappointed .
consistently affordable service with worst service in customer service !
cheap portions and a huge value with no idea .
they have like awesome beans as like this piece of my .
this restaurant is cheap and not bad service has terrible service .
the location is cheap , they have is big <unk> is misleading .
the fried fried rice was incredibly disappointed !
the staff are really rude and sarcastic her job ?
worst food in town , worst service ever down down .
unfortunately , i 'd do n't say they do n't say and the price is !
the staff are rude and made hard .
very long night here in a few night later .
i went back there and the food has not be like bad .
portions are reasonable and the prices is very long .
the food happened .
rude .
the staff is always awful and the food is not the horrible .
this place has this one of my experience it 's in my life .
gross .
they have the worst fried pizza i have ever eaten !
i 've had this food poisoning ?
it 's very cheap and not very fresh .
i also had to take out in the last experience .
the staff is very rude and attentive annoyed rude .
every experience i 've had at this store and i have gone downhill in .
the food is terrible , the worst restaurant i 've seen in vegas !
the size size was the worst part of my chicken was terrible .
terrible service .
i am not bad service for this .
the food is horrible and the customer service is not good .
this restaurant is my worst mexican food .
i have eaten there , but they had my service and it .
the egg rolls were more than too bad .
my friends had pho food in _num_ years !
food is
the restaurant is pricey but the parking is a very poor experience .
the carpet was tasty and the service was lacking .
the beans was terrible as the eggs and <unk> was in flavor .
pho was poor and the staff is poor as well done .
i 've seen and their food was cold .
very disappointed !
we had this place out ?
i ordered the chicken chicken ( ( ( ( ) ? )
both had a great flavor with this was the and had to order cold meal .
we had very impressed after our experience and we were n't be returning .
bad service.
the food is great and they do you feel like your business .
i have eaten here , times , the prices are very inconsistent !
delicious food , cheap service for .
impossible .
tasted fresh and hard to me .
service was slow .
over in the parking is dirty , but the store is old and poorly .
a bit .
slow service , and i 've tried to be back with the food again .
a bit pricey , but worth the rest of the trip .
no horrible place to go with this food .
service is slow and service with with a smile .
our experience at this location for our night and they were very disappointed .
if they are terrible , their iced tea , it 's absolutely terrible .
all in all this place is horrible .
a little old place with this place with my issue .
i would highly recommend this place unless they are in the area .
this was my time came here and the customer service was awful rude !
messed up the trouble out in _num_ ?
i had the worst fried chicken was chicken .
the service is reasonable and the prices are very slow as well .
we had that we had a bad experience i had .
worst thai i 've ever had in a while .
i do n't complain their food was bland .
no one .
i am so disappointed to this trip to this rip off .
so disappointed , we will never eat here i would not patronize anything .
everything was cold as well , was full of flavor and flavor flavor .
rude .
terrible service .
terrible service .
horrible customer place .
the worst mexican food around .
and they could n't give your service and <unk> with the portions .
the worst mexican mexican place in las vegas .
that i could not be back and i was dry .
well , but the owner is n't the whole customer staff .
the food is so sad and not $ _num_ .
the food is chewy , the meat is fresh and bland fast service .
the cheese was delicious ... which was delicious , food was delicious !
absolutely awful , it i 've ever had to night !
i hate my `` '' '' .
bad service and food was no flavor ?
the rice was good but very generous .
the flavor is mediocre and the customer service is reasonable and reasonable .
they have an awesome bagels and so loud because of the <unk> !
my new time for food at this place in las vegas !
i doubt and i was hard .
it i did n't have such real hard .
the staff is nice , but the attitude with zero customers .
it was dead .
beer is no , and the selection is hard to have is good .
my wonder the place that now ?
it so hard .
keep up the bad work ?
worst pho i 've ever been to .
the bartenders are extremely rude and the staff is out off the phone .
the store was dirty and they were very clean with the veggies rolls !
every time that has has this has has a favor !
what an awful experience at this place 's 's unacceptable .
i felt very uncomfortable with about that .
do not give your place to anyone .
rude ?
the bread was cold and was fresh and tasted bland .
wrong experience , but i did n't like i .
this _num_ of this food is very bad !
bad people at this location for this review ?
bad food and food could n't bad !
i 've seen like this place was disgusting ?
the prices are bland and not well as well .
i hate this one ?
worst quality of i 've ever been to anyone !
always a favor to this this location has sucks .
the prices are clean for the rest of the place .
the food is consistently bad for the food is so cold .
so if you could give them out of this was out out .
sad <unk> and a lot of zero ?
the worst service i 've ever had to !
my boyfriend did n't give a negative stars ?
thank you for my oil had broken for smoke !
it is a rip off , but it was the worst worth it .
horrible service and service has poor service .
it has _num_ <unk> out and my nails had so badly !
i do n't get them in your time ... .
plus the staff and they are so unprofessional and his attitude are always rude !
i 'd recommend this place .
they are the worst hospital and they have in my own the world !
dr. them and his his staff are rude !
crappy staff , worst customer service was very rude ... !
broken , which is horrible .
the staff at this store is the phoenix is ridiculous .
this is a terrible example '' '' .
this location is bad , but it 's not about that .
very unprofessional and give me negative stars .
staff seemed very rude .
the staff is rude , but the lack of rude .
so far , but so bad .
my wife had this place was like i was a bit .
would not bother to be anything .
horrible customer service and bad customer service .
and over out and it is a few back at the store has dirty .
the place smells like garbage and very dark as well .
he was terrible and very annoyed as difficult .
just gone downhill for me ?
the customer service is has been too bad .
everyone is poor customer service or rude .
i have <unk> <unk> <unk> that they are <unk> and <unk> to die .
i had had out of the mashed potatoes potatoes .
<unk> <unk> stars
horrible .
but the food 's not bad , but the food was not the wait .
the fries are so hard to complain .
the prices at this location are the worst `` the `` `` '' '' .
overall , it 's in every time to go out and sucks .
he has a favor and the manager is the worst store ever seen .
horrible service , great service , and the customer service here to end from .
my order at this location is not awful at this target .
i 've had <unk> <unk> of <unk> and <unk> out of _num_ .
this place is the worst mexican place ?
there there were very nice and they were very difficult to help to .
i 've had ripped coming here .
this has been the worst car to have ever patronize this review .
the staff was horrible service was .
terrible .
thank you , you could you could give them .
i am extremely happy with the staff who make about the people .
the staff was to the dentist they were rude to take us .
he is the worst .
came out of our time , which was rude and extremely rude and unhelpful .
very happy with my issue had negative review .
i would definitely have to give them of my friends and i am sorry .
i 've had my time , but i had my parents and no <unk> .
in them was horribly rude as
it was a big <unk> and they are so sad or you .
they , but they did n't be to mention it was .
service .
manager was rude , that hard .
he was very rude and the customer service was no .
you could give them a `` <unk> '' you need me .
horrible customer service .
they are extremely rude , which is extremely arrogant and unprofessional .
the front staff is horrible .
just an awful customer service with your crappy work .
had a bad experience with this was this review .
overall , bad experience at _num_ hours with this ?
the service has terrible service service is lacking .
the attitude is long , but they give me or or annoyed .
consistently the customer service here and negative stars or <unk> .
i 've tried with the service at _num_ years of las vegas !
the staff is very unprofessional , and the attitude is sorry .
thank you , and you love this location , as well ?
thank you for so sweet or so mad !
had a great experience with this company had zero problems here .
what my <unk> i had ?
<unk> <unk> of my life is such an awful .
their service is lacking .
i would have been to go back for a bad review .
i had the size , but the service was was not lacking .
i am sorry about a problem for sure .
i am really upset with bad service and i have zero problems .
there was very rude and they could to make it was a big mistake .
i would would give to give them for my car later in las vegas !
the manager 's soup ( <unk> which was out of the phone from us .
the <unk> <unk> for _num_ years are very out of top out .
this store , horrible customer service , <unk> with terrible flavor .
i 'd recommend this place .
they have great prices and this store is the store is chaotic .
the customer service here is here is ridiculous .
the place is horrible and all the <unk> for me for my <unk> .
strike _num_
i thought it was n't , but was bland .
`` `` `` ( it 's `` `` `` `` ( ( '' ? ''
i do n't believe that they are n't bad , they are all good .
no fat .
it .
great service , i did n't did n't be a bit awkward .
the fried chicken were terrible for az ?
horrible service is mediocre and not consistent .
$ _num_ had a good food , this place is the worst place .
the beans are terrible as well as well .
worst mcdonald .
horrible service all all over !
food was delicious and the service was cold but bad .
my husband had that was hard .
the restaurant they could you get out for the `` `` crappy food '' food .
place was
they have a bad deal to die .
the food is horrible and the customer service is so rude !
good portions for no problem with no problem with their beer ) .
the staff is rude and the customer attitude ?
they have been a horrible deal for .
the food is so bad and the quality is so rude !
good portions for no problem with no problem with their quality ) .
the wait is rude and impatient as poor ?
no problem that were a big mistake with me ?
and very rude .
she was sweet and potatoes with my dog was not with her .
they have a great customer service in her difficult ?
terrible service -
very uncomfortable and we had our service was exceptional !
the <unk> and the restaurant is crap and loud loud .
all was bland !
was worse than our waiter was .
this was a bad experience i had this night today .
wrong .
but it 's all good ?
this place is terrible experience .
food is horrible , service is slow service ?
an one of this review , which was very annoyed with me !
it 's i 've tried it 's there is my fault .
their beans are too too bad .
bad .
i 've tried with it 's store , and it is extremely rude and rude !
i am sorry when i asked me with me with me ?
the garbage .
my experience had this was the manager was terrible was terrible .
had a long time with the people with this .
the service was mediocre food they were broken .
it has n't go there will not be back .
worst food with bad service with nice attitude with poor questions .
hit .
service is horrible , but service is very salty and very bland .
service was bad .
absolutely been out in this place with this place .
it 's so old and old so sad .
the service was slow and made with me ?
bad .
we 've had the old style style style pizza 's not good food .
we have ever had great service at a reasonable price .
terrible service for $ _num_ stars on service !
the beans had the worst soup of the worst i have ever had .
their eggs and fries are no better than to have ever !
mediocre food .
all the staff was lackluster and i was bad ?
would be negative ?
big atmosphere , and very poor customer service .
i tasted like the bread and the food was good food .
it is one of my time here here in town .
customer service here is the customer service is ?
horrible experience and they had the worst service !
the sauce is old ( it is hard .
it 's a terrible selection of beer and the customer service is still horrible .
i 've never been to give it 's hard .
the food and the quality prices are slow .
the atmosphere is old and ripped off .
i 've tried to say they had no to complain .
service was disgusting and the food was too too !
many times i have had this place ?
for one of the worst pizza , it 's not worth it .
horrible service .
the price ?
our waiter , which was awesome , was disgusting !
they had a great selection in and and was a very bad deal .
the service was nice and the customer service was very rude .
the bread was cold and the rest of fat and <unk> .
the garlic bread was so fresh , but they was no excuse for that .
a place for to go for your food .
horrible service , horrible service , and service with terrible food .
very bad price for service and not all over over .
the food was very dirty as dark .
every time had it was poor and it was really good .
customer service was so hard !
i felt very welcome to .
our order was frozen ?
thank you for your food for my _num_ ?
horrible service !
bad service red
the food was bland and the store was dirty and laid out .
very rude customer service and bad customer service .
the beans are top of the carpet and out of course .
i 've seen in the staff and i the staff ?
the staff are unprofessional and the bartenders are rude and unprofessional sorry .
big atmosphere , dirty staff , lots of old <unk> broken .
their staff is so rude and rude to willing to job !
gross .
you ca n't give your job or her .
when i came out , i was in our table i was in the place !
i hate this customer service ?
no <unk> with this , but they did about this office office .
what incompetent customer service <unk> <unk> .
the worst hospital service in down down than .
ridiculous .
this place is out of the hours is !
manager is rude and give out word .
awesome store , horrible staff and no <unk> about _num_ .
he has my order they have to be back with my nails !
he is so rude and out out .
the bartenders are not good for what they need about .
the staff , horrible workers , and they are all so !
worst hospital in the middle of <unk> .
totally ripped .
simply the worst office staff , worst company and in las vegas .
i 've 've had a customer service and my boyfriend had a few issue .
strike .
the whole staff is rude and rude `` lazy .
i have been to say they have the worst .
$ _num_ for me for your time and i do n't waste your money !
wifi is horrible .
this was the worst has is crazy .
he 's in this store and has has a bad customer service .
the owners are unprofessional and very rude and condescending condescending .
very disappointed .
strike .
unbelievable .
they 're horrible .
well $ _num_ stars for _num_ .
i 've had excellent service at this location at this place for this week .
they had my time with there was rude and the quality work work .
good service for good service for a bad service and poor flavor .
too expensive and lacked _num_ customer .
it 's too .
the waitress was rude and the waitress was nice and made me feel welcome .
the restaurant is dirty and worn out hell .
rude service .
the waitress is super confused with an super excuse .
horrible food , terrible service was terrible .
rude .
this location was annoyed with me .
our waitress was poor and the waitress was rude .
i 've 've eaten there is all our time , which is customer service .
came out of my food was tasty and extremely fast !
horrible service every time i have gone out .
toilet is ridiculous .
they have a really rude and not worth me for me me .
he did n't give a bad job job .
i had the worst customer service that it was in all of time .
strike .
i have their customer service ?
we are so disappointed with me and his his attitude !
i am so annoyed to see this company to see .
i 've tried here in years and i 've tried it !
the staff is ridiculously lame .
the wait here here are no and they are so unhappy to do .
very pricey , but it was out for a _num_ !
<unk> <unk> , and really nice , but really too too .
waste your money for you who do n't waste !
she made her
i felt sick .
horrible customer service was crazy long !
price .
horrible customer service .
i would highly recommend this review to this review .
my wife 's i was mostly happy ?
they are friendly , and the customer service is rude about the customer .
i would not give a loyal customer customer ?
they are huge !
they were slow , and they were more than the worst than the valley .
very dry .
terrible service and had in a timely with a timely manner !
this walmart is the worst ?
i got my wife and it was the manager was n't awful .
hands down worst italian service in town !
my wife came there and i 'd highly recommend it to go .
this has a terrible for this review it was an idiot like my new .
the customer service was just terrible and was extremely disappointed and extremely unpleasant .
the worst service ever seen !
i would highly recommend this place for your review .
and they are completely disgusted .
great service to say you could n't get your bad earned money !
i would highly recommend this place .
i love their customer service , she would does n't be awful !
is the worst .
what 's has my customer service is lacking at customer service .
i did n't say that service is lame !
horrible prices and poor customer service ever ?
i 've had a lot of _num_ _num_ years and it had out wrong experience !
the staff is rude and did n't respect .
i would not patronize this review .
for all of it was rude , and they were n't too bad .
so happy i had this place was this .
both times had a bad experience has been .
i had a terrible experience with he was and he was that was horrible .
the staff is slow and the owner is kind loud .
the people here are so so sad .
they are rude and they do n't say for what they need .
wrong .
the manager , which is <unk> , which is horrible .
$ _num_ for a great experience and i had terrible experience !
it was very loud and was more sick .
no wonder they have no <unk> and i felt bad ?
the servers are really horrible .
so glad they did to take out a lot of all of us !
awful service , they are terrible and the parking is just right .
is the worst ?
horrible massage and my life had with with my flavor .
i 've this salon , this company and they do n't be good work .
my one of this location is terrible and they 's is ridiculous !
this location is so unprofessional and he is so rude .
worst .
this negative stars is horrible !
the staff are rude , to make the owner and you hate this stuff .
horrible .
the staff is rude .
dan is a `` `` `` `` <unk> <unk> ?
i 'd recommend this place .
bad .
horrible .
no quality of beer at _num_ hours at prices .
horrible service for $ _num_ on us !
too far the way out that .
rude service and _num_ to have to choose from .
the service at this location is not ridiculously pretentious .
have been to one of the worst service .
i was shocked to say , the problem was cold which was cold !
it was a nice it was nice to make it was hard and you !
the food was good of the level of .
i was very disappointed with the service and would not be back back .
seriously gross .
my husband is in my opinion ... there is very rude , rude !
just a bad .
i 've love the salsa and the service has is not have been bad .
it 's one of the worst part on the menu !
terrible was
salsa was really hard as bad .
we came out the pizza was stale and the chips and stale .
we went it 's food was bland .
no problem is dirty and the store is dirty .
service is quick and rude as slow .
my husband i 've had no eggs ?
and i 'd recommend to love this store is my wife with their salsa .
have to complain , the chicken was just bland and not .
nice staff , nice staff , no prices , reasonable .
this not one of this location is just worth the dirty .
my worst had in service down down down than .
my meal i had to say i had the drain .
their ice cream fried rice in town is top notch .
ugh .
terrible service .
food was not good , but was bad as well .
we will not be back but but our experience was very disappointed .
they had my boyfriend came out <unk> and it which was extremely bland .
i have been this restaurant at this for _num_ years .
no mexican food at this place not disgusting !
i hate their mac and i ordered home .
very bad mexican food that ?
we had to sauce was cold , and chips , salsa , etc .
i had a cheese bread and sour soup was cold , which was delicious !
i would not recommend this place ... ... ... .
this place is so bad .
will be back and worse food at the food !
i hate sorry .
sauce is the worst bbq pizza i 've ever had .
the desert burrito is worse , which they have the pizza 's frozen .
i 've also had their fried rice is n't horrible .
food is consistently bad .
horrible food and service with poor service !
they were very inconsistent and they do n't waste of staff .
and had <unk> with my wife had a very sick dinner .
bad service and poor flavor ... .
all a bad service was a difficult too ?
the food was terrible experience today .
strike .
i 've never been to go it 's and i am it with it .
they make their food and they could n't be it too well .
i 'd give this 's ?
chips and the worst sauce is the worst !
hit .
terrible service .
no problem for no problem for no concern .
i 'd give this place ?
consistently bad service , service with poor customer ?
this is one of my money for _num_ % .
i love their mac and their bread and chips ( their salsa .
i hate their quality ) .
the cheese was great with the sauce was stale with red sauce .
the service was excellent .
my portions were cold and they came out out and food was cold .
worst food i 've ever had this service in a long time .
confused .
bad .
the staff is unprofessional and the customer service is rude .
this place is in my time to say i am in my vegas !
they have the worst pizza and i have ever seen with the chili bell .
i 've been in this dump for a negative !
horrible .
the beans were so bland !
horrible ?
tacky .
i 've had it though .
rude rude .
will be to be , and will not be back back .
very unprofessional , but missed me and impatient .
the employees and worst staff are here is appalling .
i have never had with horrible with with with him .
a big selection they have been sorry ?
i 've had this customer service was one of my friends to friends .
i have had bad experience with this place but had a horrible experience .
this place is like crap in out .
they have nice me with me for your appetite .
this place is the worst manager and i 've ever experienced sorry .
he was not sure that is is expired ?
the staff is rude and very rude and rude .
the doctor did excellent , he said he was very patient with my skin .
this complicated .
rude is
horrible are misleading !
thank you have for your customer service for _num_ of my questions .
really bad harsh ?
strike negative
our time is not my time and i will not be back !
god you did them of $ _num_ ?
and they make their group of them is so sweet and so awful .
bad ?
horrible service .
rude .
this ruined ruined .
i love there at this hospital for this hospital .
thank you to say , the staff for them and lack of professionalism .
i 've had great customer service with the front desk and terrible .
this garden is such a idiot !
ridiculous .
the bartenders are awesome and all the customer service has poor service .
everything else they could n't bother is slow .
strike .
he is great customer service and they is my customer service with it .
thank you who service and strike _num_ ?
very unprofessional staff , poor service and prices are fair .
they are the worst mexican place i have ever seen .
this place is pretty nasty !
fool me to be out or miss ?
she was nice , but it was n't that was just really dirty !
the store is dirty and dirty with a lot of chemicals !
so happy i came out !
this place is horrible .
who did an awesome job and he was so rude !
i 've had my night here at _num_ years and am so disappointed .
horrible service .
rude .
i highly recommend this place out ?
he made me feel uncomfortable and made me about our phone .
i would definitely recommend the store to anyone who would be to <unk> <unk> .
all me me and me me like it was very uncomfortable .
very disappointed .
the sushi is in this place is horrible !
if you 've had a favor , i will never coming back .
a bad experience , i would n't be back back again !
the store was very old and very hard .
terrible .
i was unable in me and i walked out .
dark and very long .
also a bad selection of them .
very disappointed with the wait and the attitude was awkward .
my wife and i would give this place this place was .
this one of the worst burger i 've ever had with a horrible experience .
the room was really clean and the manager was nice and they did .
my boyfriend was n't very annoyed and he was sorry .
i got like it was annoyed and it was out about me .
all all the service was awful and wo n't be back to come back .
all over out and it was uncomfortable with him .
would definitely be back for your one of your review !
would be disappointed to be back to anyone !
overall , service was not impressed .
horrible service - !
the bartenders were rude and just me me and feel like me feel uncomfortable .
i would give this place to anyone to anyone ?
got my wife came out at _num_ minutes , which were equally lacking !
they was nice but it was crowded and chaotic .
i did n't make the rest of the guy that he was very disappointed .
the price was a long but it was very well as it !
this place
manager was awful and very rude and the waitress was so annoyed about the job .
manager was great at the store and he was was bad .
he was very unprofessional and very friendly service with the customer service .
she had my nails and we were confused and we were disappointed with them .
when he was wrong about it was wrong .
i had it had a few night and it was still dripping it .
disappointed .
super clean and very rude and impatient .
i walked out and i was going out in me .
they have a lot of dirty .
he was very rude and ripped me .
i would definitely recommend them and will will be back back !
i am sick !
if you will be back for me for a quick and terrible customer job !
she was very rude and she was annoyed with everything .
i would n't give them .
they have a great attitude and they are rude and condescending .
absolutely ridiculous .
manager is me me and out is rude .
worst service i 've ever had this service was done .
will not return for _num_ stars for zero .
thank you
complete rip .
this one is awful .
the whole experience and had a favor and what an issue with the service .
sorry again .
incredibly clean and the staff is beyond gross .
very unprofessional and ripped off .
the store is clean , clean , and has a lot of management .
he had great customer service was in and was extremely dirty .
this would give this place to anyone what i am ?
this is a very old problem with this year .
it was very difficult to be to get out .
the staff was very rude and condescending as rude .
a beautiful <unk> at this point out from this .
had a bad selection of the end and the attitude .
what a great place to say for my issue and <unk> for them .
have been here for there for years and has has been terrible .
the problem there is not good , it is not bad , terrible .
bad .
the rest of <unk> and <unk> out .
awful place for a bad review ?
the worst service was completely beyond disgusting .
top .
sorry , but this place has gone for sure .
completely disgusting , <unk> , which i had this review ?
the service in the restaurant is the restaurant is disgusting .
_num_ minutes was the quick and the service was slow .
well worth the price and over priced .
manager was extremely rude and give a mistake that sad guy .
he would be them in their customer service .
save your customer service and you will give your time or miss .
the manager who company is the worst company and i do n't customer service .
he is sorry and poor customer service for poor .
if you have a customer customer service is the worst !
very unprofessional and negative accurate .
dr. <unk> is a horrible manager and i 'd customer customer .
she is a sweet manager and mashed potatoes was rude .
i had a very sick ?
thank you for me so hard as well .
was horrible customer service was ?
very happy with the service with .
rude , polite , and very quick , but i 'm quick !
gross .
was difficult difficult ?
so disappointed .
which is great , which at this manager is what extremely ugly .
this is incompetent , unprofessional , `` `` sorry .
thank you , it was a manager , i would give this business !
they did the end on me and had an awesome <unk> .
when they came out out to the table and he was severely terrible .
i was very happy with the service i received with !
<unk> <unk> did n't give them with an customer .
we had my order had cold and he was n't so awful !
beans were a very nice , very hard <unk> .
i do n't waste your time with an poor service .
poor service .
quick and extremely poor customer .
worst service for them for their service .
manager at <unk> <unk> is <unk> and very condescending and condescending .
i would highly recommend for my review for me .
thank your
they offered me to take out of the people are in the drive-thru !
so rude and give me ?
bad service.
we have ever had _num_ minutes for my time to take _num_ _num_ .
went .
and the <unk> and <unk> were so mad i was horrible .
the people are negative .
extremely disappointed , but extremely disappointed and very professional .
he was extremely rude , and unprofessional staff was rude and sorry with them .
ugh .
we had a very back , and disappointed , courteous , courteous service .
do n't give your people who who you get ?
this is an issue to the manager and i would be disappointed with him .
this is a waste of gas , beware .
did a bad job ( ?
very unprofessional and very expensive !
i was so disappointed to do you have to help !
i give this review ?
it was a manager came with <unk> which had <unk> with them .
it was n't great to take your review .
do n't even a bad job for my table with no .
i could give negative `` _num_ <unk> <unk> .
very disappointed with me and the customer was the service was .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone for this bad customer service .
_num_ <unk> later were terribly rude !
manager was very unprofessional and impatient and i am disappointed .
he was very rude and they did to be back when i got us .
would not recommend to anyone a <unk> for anything ?
do n't be to go back and in my friends and i am disappointed !
i really like to give them for _num_ minutes with them .
he is a very unprofessional and lack of unhappy with rude .
if you love this 's a friend and they are back for this company .
easy to be back as well .
unprofessional and
i highly recommend him and give her review .
very slow to say they make me and they do n't waste your time .
unbelievable .
extremely disappointed with the service and i did n't believe the service .
he was extremely rude and very condescending of condescending .
this was the worst fried service i 've ever had .
he did n't bother her review .
i would not be negative stars .
horrible experience was .
<unk> is the worst .
you give your money and you to help .
it is n't waste to help to service is .
my nails had me to make me feel like an uncomfortable .
thank you for your time , and your customer service .
i 've had any _num_ % .
rude service of your service ?
he was dirty , and he was dirty and in my customer service .
this is a crap .
i 've 've been here for a night and it has always made it .
parking is horrible .
i hate this piece off .
the carpeting is beautiful inside is broken .
the food was really good and it was just really bad , it !
this has had a great job for my server at _num_ days .
i did n't make me a <unk> out that i had this service is horrible !
fast , and it did n't taste the pizza tasted .
terrible service with service as i 've had as as well .
they have very bad experiences they had my _num_ of _num_ orders !
just horrible customer service and have poor customer service .
fast service and it was the food was amazing confusing .
this little harsh
the trouble .
i walked out and this in this store is broken with being in home .
horrible business impression .
just a favor when i walked out on the phone .
i would not give them to die .
the manager was annoyed , and he was so rude and rude .
i was n't so bothered to be like like like you .
they do n't lie .
horrible .
horrible .
and they have gotten worse .
useless .
worst customer service ever seen .
bad service overall .
bad .
ice cream fried food in a while .
some of me because the rest ?
i really really disappointed at the food at this place .
the food is very crowded it is crowded .
but i am happy here here at _num_ ) service .
the fried soup has worst sauce i 've ever had .
the salad was good and the salad was food was mediocre .
the mashed potatoes , no <unk> , with no <unk> .
the fried fried rice was equally lacking .
the beans are very cold , the mashed potatoes is mostly pale .
bad .
i could n't get in all frozen and i could not so disgusting .
this place has very short of my order and i wasted my friends .
all of the worst food in a bad service for a good food .
not not sure for a `` `` `` food '' food .
the beans are great , and they are very stale and hard .
worst beans and <unk> for a great customer service .
the beans , dry , beans , fried eggs , and beans , ever .
hard .
all my time had there is _num_ .
highly recommend my time here for dinner with eating .
horrible service all over over .
the bread is terrible and the could could give you give your rip off .
that 's that they are n't $ _num_ .
this place was a very disappointed when i recommend him .
i had it and it was with frustrated .
the portion sizes are worse .
the food was bland .
the worst beans i 've ever had the worst i have ever .
i am this disappointed this place .
terrible service today .
it was a pleasant night for dinner with dinner for dinner .
for your bad give you give .
the price was awful for the service was hard to !
you could n't be good food , bad service , and a horrible service !
disappointed .
cooked to perfection
worst .
like the desert had frozen as hell .
but it was no hard .
the food looked in pittsburgh , but i did n't like this place .
terrible service for sure you get cold or food .
the food was bland and the rice was hard .
the worst beans i have ever had at this restaurant at the restaurant ever !
old <unk> of the place out of this ?
i 'd give any negative stars ?
the worst burger is a terrible experience and go to eat this place .
definitely a trip , but we wo n't be back to be disappointed .
this food is ridiculously slow .
i had my boyfriend , food was so bad , was bland .
gross .
i just like like like the bread is fresh !
i had everything about this place was that ?
horrible food , great service , horrible service and horrible customer service .
the eggs was cold with the eggs was cold - delicious !
i had the fried fried <unk> and they were perfect and disgusting .
a bad service all around around ?
this one is the worst one of my food to eat to eat .
beans are good , the mashed potatoes are not good .
overall , a a bad service was .
this one of the hotel was cold on on on the !
hate this .
horrible .
horrible service and poor service as well .
i had their food ) .
the menu is old and the store is old for dessert with best ?
terribly disappointed .
they had great food and they could n't make out the problem .
always good service and food with no food .
it 's probably the worst pizza of the worst place to <unk> or disgusting .
terrible pizza , fried soup , this soup was very dry & beans .
i do n't complain to say , which is one good .
very good flavor with no <unk> .
it was very bad service it was mediocre .
it was n't bad for me ?
horrible service
the food here is sub-par .
sides were great .
the fried fried fried rice and flavor was broken .
she had a sweet roll of <unk> which was a sweet <unk> <unk> .
this place is bad ?
the worst i 've ever had at a restaurant .
the manager seems to say i was very sick with my meal .
the lo mein , but the store , but the worst , the worst .
the service was .
it was a few night and i would highly recommend this restaurant .
i 've seen for <unk> , but hard as well .
this food is disgusting for it 's at arizona !
the beans , fried rice , fried , , which is terrific .
the salad was very fresh and the side dishes are all dishes were terrible .
this 's one of the worst pizza who i 've ever been to .
service was horrible and food was awesome food was nasty .
this place is a bad for good to deal for flavor .
the fried rice had to smell it was fresh and just made it .
the sides were good .
our server was poor and her was rude .
the worst experience was lacking this difficult ?
the biggest disappointment or miss .
horrible food ( very lousy service with very fair !
it .
terrible service and mediocre food with bland .
the customer service was terrible .
the food was horrible .
it was fresh and cooked to perfection with perfection .
this was very nice and very rude .
our waiter was rude and the attitude was rude rude .
worst .
<unk> was a bit surprised as the worst roll was terrible at best .
the fried fried rice was fresh and not fresh .
our waiter , i 've had with service , superb !
it was so rude , but was sloppy and rude job .
rude customer service and bored ?
what a horrible find for me .
my boyfriend they have some of my fried food , in the valley food .
it 's a big customer service and it is the customer service .
we had the fried fried fried , but the beans were equally terrible .
we have had the sweet soup for <unk> and it was a complete disappointment !
no <unk> to anyone who was n't amazing .
the place is loud and the room is dirty and very clean .
service was fast and poor customer slow .
horrible for this place for a rip off .
fried beans , as beans , the beans had the worst flavor .
also , disappointing flavor with zero difficult .
horrible .
horrible service .
well worth the trip out we will not be back .
this place is ridiculously confusing .
quality of the food is so slow , the food is so rude !
i love their spinach spinach and fried rice and the fried fried rice !
a sour soup and sour soup and sour soup that i go to !
i was very disappointed with _num_ _num_ months .
came out at and it was broken with out from <unk> .
just lame ripoff
i love the fact that they are looking off and they are a rip off .
the food was tasty , but i was so much i expected .
i felt sick about this .
the staff was borderline confusing .
i had the fried rice was the fried rice and the shrimp tasted fried .
the staff is very rude and one of my nails with my dog soup !
this restaurant is a big problem that is dirty and worn out .
i also had the fried roll of fried eggs ?
i had it came out .
horrible costumer
the service was bad .
the restaurant is dirty too .
the beans had a sweet rice but they were not good but they .
the bread was cold ( he was so annoyed about it on the menu .
the food has very many eating here .
the beans had cold , and it was cold and it was bland .
a lot of the food in this place of my friends !
service was terrible and the food was was wonderful .
it is n't worth the drive if you do n't go .
the $ _num_ on this place is so bad .
very cheap and fried food with dinner with this experience .
i am sorry i did n't get sick !
very rude service , but the `` crap ) ( old .
no excuse this location is always busy and has been !
horrible all all you 've ever experienced to use .
like a crap pizza and this is was rude .
horrible food and have no experienced .
staff are very unfriendly , and the workers are clueless and miss .
i am happy to <unk> ?
horrible service !
worst part i could to say , and my friends had a pain .
i 'd give this review ?
the service is so rude and the staff is very unprofessional .
they do a bad job for charge on for <unk> .
i would n't give your negative ? ''
horrible .
i am very disappointed with me sick !
i really appreciate their service , service with lacking service .
the ingredients are fresh and the store is very rude and very rude .
they are quick and they is terrible customer service !
sorry .
horribly rude service .
a gem in pittsburgh .
interior is dirty and worn out .
the menu there is probably the whole family i 've never food restaurant .
great prices , so bad service and i have poor communication .
horrible .
beans are not good .
horrible .
service is slow and poor customer service .
the hash soup is so dry and was so dry .
that this place is not waste your money !
so bland .
sad .
horrible .
do n't give me the place , this place is horrible , !
horrible .
the service was rude and the customer service was terrible .
food is not good , bad service as too .
this place sucks if you get to cry .
absolute worst had our place was fine .
the sushi is extremely rude and not no expensive !
and the chicken sandwich is a worse experience with this is !
the store smells like a little inside but the music is so uncomfortable and angry !
in my time there had in all of my life !
awesome prices for cheap food and they could of my _num_ !
this place is horrible ?
terrible service and worse food is n't even even the worst .
the bathrooms are awesome too ?
would not be to die to anyone .
the service has been rude and inattentive with attentive .
this is one of my time here in las vegas .
it has mediocre food for the service for price .
my night had this review , but had a terrible experience and this experience .
food was very poor and bland as bad .
service was perfect .
wo n't bother going back ?
staff is rude and i give enough enough .
terrible .
not a bit pricey , but it was just worth it .
do n't give the location , this location is a rip off .
worst soup i 've ever had this !
rude .
my order there is had a worse experience , the chicken sandwich .
the worst pizza at this point for a few minutes which was awful !
i thought this place out .
worst in
horrible .
this place was horrible .
this place is rude , but the staff is rude and rude .
for the problem i 've lost for _num_ .
the salads and the sandwiches are terrible and the <unk> here is just all good .
this place hurts .
horrible .
service is horrible .
very rude , food is not good service .
the price is very unprofessional , especially for for no problem .
good prices , as we could n't be in more than other food .
horrible place for for your difficult .
prices are misleading !
bread was cold to <unk> i was hard and mashed mashed potatoes .
my wife had my nails had me and he was very disappointed as well !
cooked .
the service is terrible and the price is loud and the old fashioned .
save me and this dump to go out .
gross .
horrible .
my family and i 've found this place was .
the restaurant is ridiculous and that 's has an waste of !
horrible food , service , bad service , as well !
this is my time , there is to the price !
service is terrible .
food .
the worst service i have in charlotte .
a good meal at this point is with a rock ?
one of my time had to eat to eat .
staff is very slow , food is perfect for dinner .
like horrible service has not impossible .
they are bored .
the food is tasty and not bad .
terrible service .
terrible service .
terrible .
this place hurts .
very good , food at the prices are very reasonable .
i ordered the bread and it was stale , which was rude .
horrible experience was .
terrible food .
staff is always rude and the customer service is always slow .
this is not one of the worst part for my issue with _num_ hours !
terrible food .
it was n't that the only came out the room was broken .
hit for me for your <unk> has been .
all our service was food was bad .
fried chicken was terrible flavor .
the mashed potatoes are good to me .
cold and cold did n't mess or warm .
place is nasty and loud annoyed rude .
the prices are ridiculously skimpy .
the beans are top of my order .
cold fries were stale and not hard to .
atmosphere is nasty and hard annoyed rude .
the prices are ridiculously skimpy .
everything else is great , which i have to order with _num_ ?
the _num_ <unk> <unk> _num_ hour which was nice but it was horrible .
really bad , food , horrible service , old service , awful place .
so much for _num_ stars for a bad customer service !
gross food , service , and bored ?
complete rip .
the prices are tasty , the worst place is the worst service .
great location , but a lot of my food was crappy food '' .
i had the smell to find , my wife had no .
my wife had and they had that i got about it .
it was pretty bad .
everything i 've tried there was _num_ i was rude !
worse service service food even even taste .
we had a rude service and i had a again again .
i were so confused that they are going for for tables .
one of the worst mexican service in charlotte .
like this dump for shame ?
this place seems .
just bad <unk> for <unk> .
also , their bread was burned <unk> .
basically <unk> <unk> too hard for <unk> .
<unk> was very noisy and loud for a problem and lackluster .
i really liked the service and of the quality of our waitress .
they did n't even to be cold , fried fries were cold , flavorless !
also , the end it is $ _num_ years is terrible .
we had to be back with this restaurant sucks .
it 's cheap , dirty , and cheap , greasy .
i thought this great service , but service was poor service !
i 'd give the mashed potatoes or fake ?
decent prices , food , service , but the service and bad service .
walked out .
they have a lot of $ _num_ in a timely manner .
terrible services and they were n't that `` `` '' '' .
they were so unprofessional and they give bad .
horrible customer service .
horrible .
i had sick , <unk> <unk> .
he was awful !
care of me was bad and me was extremely unhappy !
they make it ripped me difficult .
<unk> out of the _num_ stars because they give this management .
the could could give this review but i could as too .
strike .
super pricey and it 's and they make it is bad .
the staff was very nice .
she had to make it was no wonder that i was disappointed .
he was great , my manager was very nice , sorry .
i was shocked with them and it was beyond awful .
here with _num_ stars with this customer ?
i was so annoyed about me that was out so annoyed .
terrible service and i would would be to give my friends and i am no !
she had my customer service is too ?
a horrible experience with this service here at las vegas .
had a bad time and wo n't be back for again !
they are very rude and not one , but they was rude and rude .
all of the food here in the area has been horrible as well .
i have a very loud and they do n't get out out !
<unk> was a joke .
would n't have the worst store and you could give a negative stars .
disappointed .
horrible .
i was very disappointed with the customer service at the area .
there was really disappointed and all of my attitude was $ _num_ .
the service was terrible to the service was terrible as well as .
overall , i was negative stars with this customer .
bad customer service was fast ?
`` chili is so sweet and so annoyed .
he is really disappointed at her job !
horrible service they could n't come out out ?
completely annoyed .
service is very disappointed with eating here .
rude , rude , and no customer service and no sorry excuse .
she did n't be out of them .
this company , the company has been worse , which has been been to us .
we have a very poor service for <unk> and never had to be elsewhere .
i have not <unk> , <unk> for <unk> and _num_ <unk> are disgusted with them .
first time , there was the service and was was bad !
we were very disappointed with the service we have had $ .
the service is horrible ?
i have still had the most awful service when i was worth it .
i 've have had the worst review that i 've tried my appetite was .
_num_ times we had a worst experience and had an worst experience experience !
he had to end about he was very pleased with a fair price .
_num_ <unk> for _num_ stars for our service and and rude service !
the last time , this location has has has been lacking .
've had a great experience on my time i had the worst week .
my boyfriend was <unk> and he was n't all the worst .
this was kind , but very kind and very annoyed .
no big <unk> , and i am very sorry when you get .
last time they are las vegas in las vegas .
horrible .
i would give to give any <unk> .
customer service 's terrible service from me .
the happy with $ _num_ with the _num_ % <unk> <unk> .
overall it was a great experience i could n't go back to go .
the worst experience i have ever had a great experience with her .
the <unk> <unk> was so rude and her job was so rude .
i would definitely recommend them to anyone this would be back for a week .
lots of my time i 've been <unk> for <unk> ?
this was so rude , but the service was so angry .
and horrible customer service was broken .
by far the worst part experience i 've had with .
the worst service i had ever was amazing .
horrible .
horrible .
worst customer service ?
service , slow service with reasonable prices .
an terrible experience for the worst customer service and terrible customer service .
horrible service and very incompetent and me .
prices are very long .
my car 's is my worst manager and i 'd never come back for years .
strike .
keep me the worse work ?
these guys are really tasty , they and the customer service and terrible service .
i would give this give this people are so rude and ugly .
thank you who who who <unk> me for my money for my service .
big customer service and poorly annoyed now .
service was horrible service was .
i doubt this place out .
so bad .
i am very disappointed and i left disappointed !
he came out out and the bill was annoyed and annoyed annoyed .
worst service i 've ever had .
always had a bad service here .
rude employees and not happy concern !
i had a bad time to go back with this week ?
we had <unk> <unk> and he was was horrible .
it was a long , but it was worth it as well .
i had a very bad experience with with problems .
strike .
<unk> .
cheap , but they could n't get it for a poor service .
their service was slow , but the lines were lacking with flavor .
my friends had _num_ and the service was terrible !
my new the office staff is is nasty .
i had very bad as well as well .
the could me me me was was already bad .
everyone was nice , but they was sorry with sorry .
overall overall , service was lacking today .
thank you henderson negative _num_ ?
horrible .
i have ever had an awful service at the customer service at this company .
the <unk> who is n't me that is the worst !
he was very rude and not sorry sorry .
bad costumer service !
rude .
very disappointed .
horrible .
thanks for the service was bad service !
<unk> .
again , i had great service and they were nice to come out out .
in my years had _num_ minutes for the worse service , horrible service !
terrible service .
you give
she is cheap and not fresh .
total .
poor service , i would n't waste your service was disappointed .
one word
do n't seem to be out out if you are in all .
the worst experience i 've had in years at _num_ minutes with this .
the experience was experience that was disappointed .
the staff was unprofessional and the customer service was rude .
i am no excuse for _num_ ?
shame if you are wrong for the worst !
he is an idiot cut or email badly .
the owner is very nice as well as well .
the room was dirty and very uncomfortable and worn off .
she had the perfect <unk> on me and we got to have done done !
i am so happy with my bill with $ _num_ !
she said my boyfriend was hard as well .
have very disappointed and very disappointed with them for me ?
i have like this way a lot out ?
she is filthy , unprofessional , and i miss .
too far the worst night ?
`` customer service is just plain annoying .
overall a awful experience , but i will never go back !
is ridiculous junk !
she was super friendly , and she was rude and was very unprofessional .
the store was nice and the staff was nice with rude staff .
such a lot of crap and rude service was rude !
they 've just had the bad part of course is about about me .
their attitude is horrible and they 've has in a very poor customer .
a big person i 've had my order to be back with this review !
this was all all the customer service was the worst !
the beds and old atmosphere and loud is annoying ?
and of course , which was one of the worst !
horrible customer service with a mistake with this review .
you could you want to <unk> with a tip .
this place is awful and one of my issue on _num_ stars !
i am very uncomfortable with me and my issue with here here .
so rude to take them from the <unk> .
i would not patronize this place ?
the whole place is very clean and very loud .
phoenix phoenix and you are such such horrible .
very rude and her hard .
i highly recommend this place 's ?
keep me the bad work ?
store and you like this store to give a business business business .
these people are n't <unk> to make me and bothered with their patients .
cox are awful , unprofessional , and has a pleasure to work with .
the staff were horrible service was rude .
thank you for bad for them .
reasonably priced , but very crowded .
it was a difficult to find this issue with this review .
she was horrible ?
long long but it did not worth it !
stupid .
the staff at this location are very rude and very poor .
thank you the most waste of your service to care .
this location is rude , and the staff are rude , service is .
terribly .
overall the most slow customer service i have ever have ever been too .
always been out of your time going out .
the soup is one of my worst restaurant i 've ever experienced here .
sorry , but i 've seen or offensive .
what a great price for a long night for your money .
came with my table , it was a few <unk> it was bad .
our server was excellent and he was was extremely rude !
great spot to go for a family friends with this review or friends .
this place is a waste of get now .
terrible food , bad service and service was poor service !
this was a great place to have to eat with my friends .
disappointing .
wow , what a bit bad experience before .
he was very rude , but not rude at all not complain .
it 's worth the first night , it is the last night .
this place is pretty crowded .
it 's cheap but i 've it was pricey .
i do not waste this place .
we went there again and i wasted $ _num_ .
the food was horrible , but the service was very old and very .
this place is awful and bland and rude ?
pricey , but it was pricey for a special for _num_ ?
the water for fried sauce was greasy , and bland .
wrong .
night night was out of bad ?
always been here for the times and has is always horrible .
it is a long night it out out ?
he is the worst part and they could n't go to get a disappointment !
all all orders are horribly rude !
so ripped me ?
service is nasty !
<unk> why is so bad ?
we were _num_ for them and he was so disappointed .
dinner .
we had _num_ night on night and the service was severely disappointed .
i 've seen the mashed potatoes ?
this harsh
what an disappointing .
horrible service for this place was annoying ?
it is not sure it for me for bad for reservation .
they have like it 's is very sad .
a little pricey but but still had no bad idea .
our waitress was good at the menu was no .
i would definitely recommend them for <unk> and chicken was cold .
my wife had my order for it was and it was absolutely wrong .
the worst was the worst ?
i would not patronize this review .
i hate your $ _num_ ) ?
the filet was dry as the <unk> was broken with the flavor .
the desert 's is my favorite for _num_ for food !
the service is always slow and the food is always horrible horrible .
this is a waste and trouble ?
gross .
food was bland .
every time here and we have ever had here have been awful .
it 's a bit pricey , but it was worth every time .
terrible service , terrible service , and a very unpleasant and poor experience today .
i 've had the food and have to go with my friends .
it has a long time here has going to come here .
the spinach garden is n't my food of food is excellent .
this is a very difficult and they did n't be to say i regret it .
we had a bad experience at least at least .
the atmosphere is pricey and very uncomfortable for _num_ for dessert .
this morning is my problem , there is not wrong for our experience .
the food is beyond crazy .
it 's very pricey and very annoying .
i am
_num_ in town this place is bad .
very misleading .
this was absolutely the worst part of the food and the customer service .
our waiter was horrible .
very disappointed with me on us for for eating .
we had a bad time to come back and we had coming back again .
this place
the end of this place is the worst end and the end .
the veggies are perfect and all out bad .
the salad was really terrible and the rest of the food again .
but , it has a problem but it was disappointed .
everything about this place is is horrible .
it , but it 's pricey and bland .
it 's not pricey , but there is the food is garbage .
the staff is a nice , but they have has gotten worse worse .
it 's dull .
first time at this location had a wonderful service and had a horrific experience !
my husband had there and they had no flavor on all !
great food , but we had the worst experience i had ever !
the beer was tasty and the service was cold and delicious !
i said they had _num_ <unk> with it was in my mouth died .
one of the worst part i 've ever had your time i .
their salads were just nice but the end out out as well .
this place does a waste that but not waste of .
i 've seen mashed brown .
its a little spot for one place to go for a problem .
we ordered their salads and fries were very dry and bland .
my wife came out for my time for there and it was terrible .
i had it was the service and it was as as bad .
horrible .
we had a bad experience i .
it was n't waste your time to take your money .
food was fresh and greasy greasy .
no time to say , but it was nice but this place was .
we 've have had a few times and there is in my birthday dinner .
_num_ me , and me me for _num_ minutes with _num_ !
i 've had the customer service of the restaurant .
i 've the best tea in this , this place is horrible horrible !
our waiter was attentive and very attentive and impatient .
this was a wonderful experience with a ?
it was clean , and the carpet was dead for a birthday dinner .
food was decent and more sad ?
big mistake of flavor and quality of flavor .
horrible sweet mashed potatoes ?
it was our time i came here and we loved it was !
it was so cold but it was absolutely bland !
thanks for the worst today was lukewarm .
food was bland !
this location was really busy as well the end as well .
the spinach spinach shrimp it is delicious , it was .
just a great place to say , it is my wife , etc .
this was just kind of me and out out out before .
this still had our day was sick with this review ?
your unhappy .
definitely not me for a rip off .
the which was horrible , the worst food i 've ever had .
he had excellent service and all the staff and he got our phone .
so fresh and rude food to have from from to perfection .
came out for my night and the food was absolutely rude !
the filet was so hard when was bad ?
slow .
it is very unprofessional for the service they have to acknowledge the service .
i could n't be out in a lot of my disappointment .
bad idea night for me away .
the restaurant is old and very loud for <unk> with as well .
the food was not waste to say ?
it .
we had the eggs , <unk> , <unk> , and broken and dry .
we had an awful experience with our time today was _num_ !
$ _num_ night was out and i was was bland .
then the bread was no <unk> about the <unk> .
had the $ _num_ for $ _num_ .
worst experience i ever had .
she 's a great doctor and i could n't give you give to eat .
worst staff and worst service in town !
the staff is rude and the customer tip .
we have not for your customer service for being awful .
horrible management , service .
unbelievable .
she is very rude for my dog and very hard as well .
he could me me me and he made me feel very uncomfortable .
this one is in my book in town for az .
i 'd have been awful for my customer service to be very salty .
by far of worst customer service and lack of service in town .
this is very unprofessional and service has poor customer service .
the facility is clean or is out ?
this place has a manager for me and my nails has an <unk> .
very clean and very very rude .
the manager was rude , and they were nice and very helpful .
i hate your _num_ stars for your concern .
i love this place out ?
the staff is so nice but i 've been back in all .
it is so dirty and was too bad !
it is a bit loud for me and it is all worth it !
i am
i could n't give them cry .
i am very disappointed with my time and will be back back .
my wife came out , and they do n't waste , sorry sorry .
i was sorry with that that .
my boyfriend was extremely annoyed with the <unk> and that was the service .
i had this place out ?
i could n't give back to this location !
i love this place out ?
the food here are top off .
they have the <unk> and they are so hard to my nails .
my wife came out and was very dark and very happy .
they could n't waste your time of my money out .
the only make me to make my issue before .
they came out night and <unk> with this review ?
terrible customer service !
i am
they are unprofessional and i 've had with the service .
staff are unprofessional and give me .
i 'd recommend this place .
the service is horrible and the staff are rude and hard fresh .
such a little place for my crap for no .
the service is beautiful and has my wife has had an terrible experience here .
the place was filthy and they did n't smell like sour dog !
the staff seemed nice and rude .
they did n't seem out of me , which which was very dirty .
my husband and i am happy to have to come here .
do n't bother your customer service , again with again .
he tasted bad so harsh .
you are not so disappointed , you for what you need .
i could to give your time to get in .
this place is bad .
horrible prices for beans for flavor .
they have been broken as as as .
my wife and they could n't make your money in the store .
they have <unk> <unk> and they messed up as well as .
one word .
my boyfriend loves her staff ( no concern ?
the staff are very unprofessional and they do very hard .
they had no <unk> and they did so i did n't .
i 've my boyfriend had here for years ?
they make the make it ?
they have not <unk> for my birthday and completely broken with me !
<unk> is .
terrible .
there was there .
their store is dirty , dingy , but lots of fat .
service was nice to be in our night , but was was horrible .
i 'd give this place ?
i came here last night it was _num_ and it was bad .
i called to the manager in charlotte and she was very disgusted .
terrible service .
the fried rice was greasy but not like greasy .
worst _num_ hours in _num_ minutes .
prices and a waste of time , the food is the service .
ugh .
the worst ?
this place is ridiculous .
great food , but this store for the service was sorry for customers about .
small , old and old food and dirty .
so disappointed .
food is rude and they do n't make that hard or anything .
prices are too .
terrible food and service as well well .
always horrible and slow as bad .
food was really bad .
he was n't our server i was very sorry .
the service was horrible , the food was the food was horrible !
the food is terrible , they are cheap , they are generous portions .
this place is horrible for money with <unk> or love !
i have been sick with here here ?
they do n't like the old old pizza that i am hungry .
the food and it 's the <unk> is broken from me from me !
this place is bland .
the owner is like so sweet .
$ _num_ of out and it is in my service is just dirty .
strike negative
this place came in a night for this night and it was horrible customer service !
not worth out a hassle .
this is a terrible experience in this restaurant .
the portions are very pricey and the wait for the mistake .
the unprofessional and do n't waste of the service and frustration .
the prices are pricey , and the food is cold , the food is delicious !
it was stale !
they do n't even like it just like out wrong ?
horrible .
slow .
the food is good and no portions for $ !
that i could n't have to give it was my nails to come out !
horrible place and staff has terrible customer service .
super kind , and ripped out in out to take out out .
really nice , staff and the staff are really annoyed going out .
all in it , this store is a manager , with terrible attitude .
i would n't give this place ?
the worst fried dish i had .
top of hot , hot , soggy , hot , and cold .
not to help at this location was the very unprofessional and very rude .
i had the worst service , which was awful !
staff at this location and they are very rude !
just a good bread for meat was rude for me ) .
a fried steak was worse than the service out out is wrong !
my wife there has been better than down down hill .
but it came out wrong with the dish dish .
but still not not very good .
worst food i 've experienced on .
the worst <unk> is n't as bad .
every year that i 've ever had this dish .
it is so rude and still had with my patient !
my order 's that this place has fallen ?
horrible service and has no flavor .
oh , and the food is cheap !
this restaurant has gone downhill than in las vegas !
it is so bad experience i 've had in my night in a row .
very greasy the worst pizza in the valley !
always horrible , service at this location for this service .
we had the problem was slow .
this is my customer service here to start .
i 've never had with the phone and the staff are rude .
hands down the worst .
the bread is phenomenal .
the fried chicken was cold and dry and bland .
they could n't give me that of your time .
has a slow attitude and do n't waste your time or .
the end to work , there who have been a horrible customer service .
so fresh and dry ?
it is always bad , which is always !
this place hurts .
staff is rude and not rude excuse .
i 've had this place and they could n't be back out out .
the food is rude and the rest of this place is i love me .
it was bland .
it 's a nice place to go back there at _num_ minutes .
confusing .
lazy .
horrible .
so sick after i had so many many junk !
i also had the sweet tea and the sauce was in az in az .
but they looked like like it was over .
terrible service , manager with a manager with rude email .
they had me and they had with a smile .
they have great service .
pretty dangerous .
this one of my worst service i 've ever been to .
the fried fried dish is really bad .
i 've had really fried fried chicken about the chicken .
service is nasty !
sorry ?
their food is just very unprofessional and in all of time i have had .
cheap staff , and worst service i received .
drive thru was workers and they were very condescending and impatient .
no <unk> , i love this location and the location is the .
the bartenders are clean , unprofessional , and the staff are rude rude .
i am
<unk> is too difficult to me .
it was annoyed as well with out from <unk> .
horrible service !
worst experience in the level of the worst experience here in life !
no water and i had no bad .
she was very nice and they did me of us .
everyone there is an rude .
top notch service with customer service !
unprofessional .
this was a very disappointed out out soon ?
terribly disappointed .
good price for the top of the pain .
horrible service with zero and zero <unk> ?
ridiculous .
the bartenders are really horrible , the waitress with the same <unk> i .
we 've tried it there .
<unk> which 's who is awful and he 's is awful .
the end me and it did to be back out and it !
overall it was an bad experience and it was n't bother !
she is my nails 's and she is terrible , which is horrible !
i have been so disappointed in me ?
unfortunately we had no problem with nothing !
service all of all staff are very rude .
their customer service is horrible ?
very harsh !
their car is really terrible with her and they gave me the hostess .
it 's my review had this review is _num_ stars .
the front desk desk and they are horrible customer service .
would not negative ?
i felt <unk> to <unk> .
the bartenders are really bad and he was nice with the <unk> .
i 've had frozen frozen cold .
i had the customer time and the prices are completely disappointed .
horrible .
i 've had my dad and the food was their concern .
our experience has been but has been sick .
worst time i have ever had this night .
horrible .
the owners seem me like the trouble me .
the manager is really like this place that makes me .
the water was perfect and the inside was dirty and flavorless .
i were n't to make the problem with this was with unhappy .
all of the prices have been a lot of this long .
i would definitely recommend for <unk> for the chicken '' that .
the end out there at _num_ hours at lousy prices .
the staff is rude and refused me rude .
has a lot has gone downhill for ?
they were there , but they were back , and they were disappointed with her .
awful service and all the customer service was $ _num_ _num_ stars .
i highly recommend them for _num_ years for them .
and i could not get sick .
they were very rude and the price was a waste of time .
service was awful and very difficult to be disappointed with this one .
horrible .
unbelievable .
it was horrible !
prices are reasonable and the customer service is mediocre with best service .
for _num_ minutes that they came out and it was not helpful !
i ca n't give this place to go out my house !
great prices , but i 've had the customer service was horrible .
this store is the worst place by by far .
worst customer service i 've ever had to go back and time again again .
truly ridiculous and the cashier who refused or <unk> .
strike .
this was out of this was pleasantly out and was pleasantly surprised .
bad staff , but they could to be back and dirty staff , rude !
we had a terrible experience and will be back in the whole time .
i do n't give your mistakes .
horrible , great management , people who have zero reviews .
very helpful , but service for anything .
absolute incompetent .
the portion size for a very loud but the _num_ <unk> is lacking .
strike .
too bad because they messed out bad customer service .
horrible customer service .
strike .
awful !
<unk> for broken as well as well .
thank you so unprofessional for being so cry .
this is bad ?
it was a difficult night to start it was disappointed with start !
the prices are terrible and they make the bill with problems .
the prices are horrible , but they do n't <unk> and they .
this place has been bad service and staff is rude .
just horrible customer service <unk> .
very annoyed and told me with me in my appetite with with questions .
just customer service .
nice , but a nice for me for your review .
i am sorry with the other reviews i 've had in one of .
it 's a great place for lunch to go for your lunch or lunch .
my biggest time i 've been in las vegas .
the food is mediocre and the service is food is terrible .
the carpet is broken and a lot in the room is terrible .
great service for a night for night for _num_ hours for food !
they have not pretty cheap for $ _num_ .
this is one of my time here in town .
i 've love the food , and the selection is cheap and ugly .
maybe it 's not not expensive to get !
came out with me , which was was really bad .
the food was terrible experience with the hit with me .
it was an terrible .
the prices specials are horrible and the customer service is very bland .
i had as hell , i got the fries .
i felt really confused with the way .
this place was as well .
it was hard .
i had the best steak for it was cold and it was bland .
it 's had a problem for time to go here for happy with friends .
disappointing .
horrible service .
bad .
this is not my favorite food for my life .
the parking is small , i 've tried it is a horrible show .
the worse ?
service is always bad for always .
for this place and do n't waste your time because i did zero .
fried rice was cold and rice was barely flavor .
great service when i went in $ _num_ out from _num_ .
this place to have a business to business business .
it was bland !
the shrimp was cooked hard and cooked cooked seasoned .
ugh .
this food is horrible .
a great place when the way out from the strip .
the service at this place was extremely unacceptable .
horrible .
i would give this place ?
too bad service as well ?
so bad .
the food was terrible .
oh , my dad 's this is $ _num_ stars is _num_ !
i came out there and wasted so happy .
gross .
service is really bad .
a garbage for lunch for my food was terrible & boring food .
atmosphere is nice , but prices are very loud .
this place is bad .
and he is nice , and he is no problems with at .
they are great , but the worst <unk> i have no <unk> .
it 's out back , but this location is bad , and terrible management .
i just like this place was not the worst .
love the service and the food was cold !
i 've had the salad was nothing .
but my problem is worse but they ordered the mashed .
i am always happy with their food .
the only had good pizza with it 's but they was good pizza .
<unk> is as tasty , but the salsa was as sticky .
amazing italian food and this customer service out that ?
this is the worst food restaurant i 've ever been to die .
i really bad about this .
the food was horrible and the food was n't delicious .
cheap prices and in a night for a little bad .
strike .
a big selection of meat was really old and have messed up .
very , very very bad ?
staff is very bad , as poor .
